Company: ACI Worldwide Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: ACIW
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: United States
City: Elkhorn
Website: https://www.aciworldwide.com
Employees: 2930
Business Summary: ACI Worldwide, Inc. develops, markets, installs, and supports software products and services for facilitating electronic payments in the United States and worldwide. It operates through Payment Software, and Billers segments. The company offers ACI Acquiring, a solution to process credit, debit, and prepaid card transactions, deliver digital innovation, fraud prevention, and reduce fees; ACI Issuing, a digital payment issuing solution; and ACI Connetic, a solution that offers payment services for processing, routing, and managing various payment types. It provides ACI real-time payments, a solution that provides connectivity to payment rails; ACI RTGS and cross-border, a payments engine that offers multi-currency, payment and STP processing, and back-office integration interfaces; and ACI digital central infrastructure, a solution that offers real-time payments service. Further, it offers ACI Payments Orchestration Platform, a payments platform that orchestrates and optimizes payments; ACI Fraud Management for merchants, billers, and financial institutions; ACI Fraud Scoring Services with artificial and human insights with data intelligence; and Speedpay, an integrated suite of digital billing, payment, disbursement, and communication services. Additionally, it offers electronic bill presentment and payment services to consumer finance, insurance, healthcare, higher education, utility, government, subscription provider, telecommunications, and mortgage sectors; product installations and configurations, and custom software modifications; and business and technical consultancy, on-site support, product education, and testing services, as well distributes software developed by third parties. It markets its products and services under the ACI Worldwide brand. The company was formerly known as Transaction Systems Architects, Inc. and changed its name to ACI Worldwide, Inc. in July 2007. The company was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Elkhorn, Nebraska.