Company: Alset Inc. Common Stock (TX)
Ticker: AEI
Business Summary: Alset Inc. engages in real estate development business in the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, South Korea, and the People's Republic of China. It operates through Real Estate, Digital Transformation Technology, Biohealth, and Other Business Activities segments. The Real Estate segment develops property projects and participates in third-party property development projects; and owns, operates, and manages real estate development projects, including land subdivision developments and house rental projects. The Digital Transformation Technology segment provides support, implementation, and development services with various technologies, including blockchain, e-commerce, social media, artificial intelligent customer service applications, and metaverse services. Its technology platform focuses on business-to-business solutions, such as communications and workflow through instant messaging systems, social media, e-commerce and payment systems, direct marketing platforms, e-real estate, brand protection, and counterfeit and fraud detection; and mobile application product development and other businesses, including information technology services to end-users, service providers, and other commercial users through multiple platforms. The Biohealth segment engages in developing, researching, testing, manufacturing, licensing, and distributing biohealth products and services through retail, direct selling, network marketing, and e-commerce. The Other Business Activities segment provides corporate strategy and business development, food and beverage, asset management, corporate restructuring, and leveraged buy-out services; and operates cafes and restaurants, and a portfolio of trading securities. It engages in consumer products business and financial services. The company was formerly known as Alset EHome International Inc. and changed its name to Alset Inc. in October 2022. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland.
Sector: Real Estate
Industry: Real Estate - Development
Exchange: NCM
Quote Type: EQUITY