Company: Agilysys Inc. Common Stock (DE)
Ticker: AGYS
Long Business Summary: Agilysys, Inc. operates as a developer and marketer of software-enabled solutions and services to the hospitality industry in North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and India. The company offers software solutions fully integrated with third party hardware and operating systems; cloud applications, support, and maintenance; subscription and maintenance; and professional services. Its hospitality software solutions comprise hospitality experience cloud offers solution ecosystems that combine core operational systems for property management, point-of-sale (POS), and inventory and procurement; and Hospitality Solution Studios. The company also provides food and beverage ecosystem solutions, such as the InfoGenesis POS, as well as IG Kiosk, a self-service, customer-facing kiosk point of sale solution. Its food and beverage experience enhancer solutions include IG KDS digital kitchen management solution; IG OnDemand; IG Fly; IG Quick Pay payment solution; IG Smart Menu; IG Digital Menu Board; IG PanOptic; Pay; eCash; gift card solution; and Analyze. In addition, the company offers hospitality and leisure ecosystem solutions comprising LMS, an on-premises or hosted, web, and mobile-enabled PMS solution; Versa; and Stay, a cloud-native SaaS property management system. Its hospitality and leisure and experience enhancer solutions consist of Book, Express Kiosk and Express Mobile for check-in and check-out; Spa software; Golf; Sales and Catering; Service; Authorize; DataMagine; Reserve solution; Digital Marketing solution; Retail POS solution; Central Reservations; Loyalty and Promotions; Membership; Residence Management; and Guest App. Further, the company provides inventory and procurement ecosystem solutions, including the Eatec solution and Stratton Warren System. The company was formerly known as Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. and changed its name to Agilysys, Inc. in 2003. Agilysys, Inc. was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Industry: Software - Application
Sector: Technology
Website: https://www.agilysys.com/en/
Country: United States
City: Alpharetta
Full Time Employees: 2200