Company: AIOS Tech Inc. Class A Common Shares
Ticker: AIOS
Long Business Summary: AIOS Tech Inc., an investment holding company, provides technology-driven integrated financing solutions and supply chain services in China. It offers supply chain trading services; financing services to small and medium-sized enterprises; and supply chain management solutions. The company provides small-and mid-sized enterprises financing solutions, such as designing debt financial products, product descriptions, and other related advisory services to underwriters and financial institutions; and financing solution services, including due diligence investigation, government registration, customer recommendation, investor education and maintenance, and other related services comprising advisory and intermediary matching services. The company also provides supply chain solutions services, which includes big data, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, blockchain, and other cutting-edge technologies primarily for agriculture, infrastructure, maritime logistics, energy, and plastics products markets. In addition, it offers supply chain trading services for agriculture, coal, new energy technology, construction, e-commerce, retail, and food and vegetable industries. Further, the company provides direct banking solutions through Huijingshe platform, which offers specialized asset allocation and financial planning services to financial institutions and individual investors. Additionally, it offers customer management, consulting, advisory, product inspection, testing, documentation, freight forwarding, customs clearance, warehousing, planning and strategy, sourcing and procurement, logistics and transportation, and storage services. The company was formerly known as Nisun International Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd and changed its name to AIOS Tech Inc. in February 2026. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in Shanghai, China.
Industry: Credit Services
Sector: Financial Services
Website: https://ir.nisun-international.com
Country: China
City: Shanghai
Full Time Employees: 196