Company: PowerFleet Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: AIOT
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: United States
City: Woodcliff Lake
Website: https://www.powerfleet.com
Employees: 2518
Business Summary: PowerFleet, Inc. provides artificial intelligence-of-things (AIoT) solutions in North America, Israel, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, Australia, and internationally. Its unity solution portfolio includes unity platform that enables integration with AIoT devices and third-party business systems to a data highway that powers artificial intelligence-driven insights to help customers save lives, time, and money; software as a service based unity modules, which comprises vehicle, video, and in-warehouse IoT for customers to gain visibility and AI-powered insights into their people, assets, and business processes to manage utilization and maintenance, safety, fuel and energy management, and compliance and high-risk incidents; and open application programming interfaces for additional integrations and development to enhance other enterprise management systems and third-party applications. The company also provides hosting, maintenance, and customer support and consulting services; and software as a service, such as system monitoring, help desk technical support, escalation procedure development, routine diagnostic data analysis, and software update services. The company offers its products under the Powerfleet, Pointer, Cellocator, MiX by Powerfleet, and Fleet Complete brands. It markets and sells its wireless solutions to a range of customers in the commercial and government sectors, including construction and heavy equipment, distribution, field services, leasing and car rental, government and public safety, manufacturing and automotive, oil and gas, chemical, transportation and logistics, utilities and telecommunications, and cold chain logistics. The company was formerly known as I.D. Systems, Inc. and changed its name to PowerFleet, Inc. in October 2019. PowerFleet, Inc. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey.