Company: Amplitech Group Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: AMPG
Sector: Technology
Industry: Communication Equipment
Country: United States
City: Hauppauge
Website: https://www.amplitechgroup.com
Employees: 47
Business Summary: AmpliTech Group, Inc. designs, engineers, and assembles micro-wave component-based amplifiers. It operates in two segments; Manufacturing and Engineering and Distribution. The company's products include radio frequency (RF) amplifiers and related subsystems, such as low noise amplifiers for use in receivers of various communication systems comprising Wi-Fi, radar, satellite, base station, cell phone, radio, etc.; and medium power amplifiers that provide enhanced output power and gain in transceiver chains. It also specialty microwave block downconverters used as a test device on satellite access point antennas; specialty microwave 1:2 Tx protection switch panels that is used in satellite communication earth stations; desktop/benchtop and compact wideband power amplifiers used in SATCOM rack mount systems, as well as test equipment used in integrators and manufacturers of various communications systems, such as cellular base stations, simulators, and point to point wireless radios; and waveguide to coaxial adapters for SATCOM and satellite internet gateway systems. In addition, the company offers cryogenic amplifiers for quantum computing, medical, RF imaging, research and development, space communications, accelerators, radiometry, and telephony applications; and cryogenic and non-cryogenic 4g/5g small cell subsystems for high-speed networks and airline Wi-Fi systems. Further, the company provides custom assembly designs and non-recurring engineering services on a project-by-project basis, as well as IC packaging and lids products for semiconductor device assembly, prototyping, testing, and production requirements. It serves aerospace, government, defense, commercial satellite, and wireless industries through sales representatives and distributors in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and South Asia. AmpliTech Group, Inc. was founded in 2002 and is based in Hauppauge, New York.