Company: Amneal Pharmaceuticals Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: AMRX
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
Country: United States
City: Bridgewater
Website: https://www.amneal.com
Employees: 8700
Business Summary: Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes generics, injectables, biosimilars, and specialty branded pharmaceutical products in the United States, India, Ireland, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Affordable Medicines, Specialty, and AvKARE. The Affordable Medicines segment offers dosage forms and delivery systems, which include immediate and extended-release oral solids, powders, liquids, sterile injectables, nasal sprays, inhalation and respiratory products, biosimilar products, ophthalmics, films, transdermal patches, and topicals. The Specialty segment develops, promotes, sells, and distributes pharmaceutical products with a focus on central nervous system and endocrine disorders, including Parkinson's disease. This segment provides Rytary, an oral capsule formulation of carbidopa-levodopa to treat Parkinson's disease, post-encephalitic parkinsonism, and parkinsonism; Unithroid and ONGENTYS for the treatment of hypothyroidism; and CREXONT, which is use for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. The AvKARE segment offers pharmaceuticals, medical and surgical products, and services primarily to governmental agencies, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Veterans Affairs. This segment also distributes bottle and unit dose pharmaceuticals under the AvKARE and AvPAK names; and packages and distributes pharmaceuticals and vitamins to its retail and institutional customers. It sells its products through wholesalers, distributors, retail pharmacies, managed care organizations, purchasing co-ops, hospitals, government agencies, institutions, and pharmaceutical companies. The company was formerly known as Atlas Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2018. Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey.