Company: Apogee Enterprises Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: APOG
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Building Products & Equipment
Country: United States
City: Minneapolis
Website: https://www.apog.com
Employees: 4500
Business Summary: Apogee Enterprises, Inc. provides architectural products and services for enclosing buildings, and glass and acrylic products used for preservation, protection, and enhanced viewing in the United States, Canada, and Brazil. The company operates in four segments: Architectural Metals, Architectural Glass, Architectural Services, and Performance Surfaces. The Architectural Metals segment designs, engineers, fabricates, and finishes aluminum window, curtainwall, storefront, and entrance systems for applications in non-residential construction under Tubelite, EFCO, Linetec, and Alumicor brands. The Architectural Glass segment cuts, treats, coats, and fabricates glass used in custom window and wall systems under the Viracon and GlassecViracon brand names. The Architectural Services segment integrates technical services, project management, and field installation services to design, engineer, fabricate, and install architectural curtainwall systems and other façade-related systems under the Harmon brand. The Performance Surfaces segment develops and manufactures coated materials for a variety of applications, including wall decor, museums, graphic design, digital displays, architectural interiors, and industrial flooring under Tru Vue, ResinDEK, RDC Coatings, ChromaLuxe, and Unisub brands. The company's products and services are primarily used in commercial buildings, such as office buildings, hotels, and retail centers; institutional buildings comprising education facilities, health care facilities, and government buildings; transportation facilities, such as airports and transit terminals, as well as multi-family residential buildings. It markets its architectural products and services through direct sales force, independent sales representatives, and distributors, and glazing subcontractors and general contractors; and retail chains, as well as independent distribution network. The company was incorporated in 1949 and is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.