Company: Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. Net Settle Stakeholder Warrants
Ticker: ASPSW
Sector: 
Industry: 
Country: Luxembourg
City: Luxembourg
Website: https://www.altisource.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. operates as an integrated service provider and marketplace for the real estate and mortgage industries in the United States. It operates through Servicer and Real Estate, and Origination segments. The Servicer and Real Estate segment offers property preservation and inspection, title insurance agency and settlement, real estate valuation, foreclosure trustee, residential and commercial construction inspection, risk mitigation, and residential real estate renovation services. This segment also provides Hubzu, an online real estate auction platform, as well as real estate brokerage and asset management services; Equator, a software-as-a-service technology to manage real estate owned and investor homes, short sales, foreclosure, bankruptcy, and eviction processes; Vendorly Invoice, a vendor invoicing and payment system; RentRange, a single and multi-family rental data, analytics, and rent-based valuation solution; REALSynergy, a commercial loan servicing platform; and NestRange, an automated residential valuation model and analytics solution. The Origination segment offers loan fulfillment, insurance, and management services. This segment also provides Vendorly Monitor, a vendor management platform; Lendors One Loan Automation, a marketplace to order services and a tool to automate components of the loan manufacturing process; TrelixAI, a technology to manage the workflow and automate components of the loan fulfillment, and pre and post close quality control; and ADMS, a document management and data analytics delivery platform. It serves financial institutions, government-sponsored enterprises, banks, asset managers, servicers, real estate and mortgage investors, property management firms, real estate brokerages, insurance companies, mortgage bankers, originators, and correspondent and private money lenders. Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.