Company: Baidu Inc. ADS
Ticker: BIDU
Sector: Communication Services
Industry: Internet Content & Information
Country: China
City: Beijing
Website: https://ir.baidu.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Baidu, Inc. provides online marketing and non-marketing value added services through an internet platform in the People's Republic of China. It operates in two segments, Baidu Core and iQIYI. The Baidu Core segment offers search-based, feed-based, and other online marketing services; cloud services; and other products and services based on AI. This segment operates Baidu App that enables users to access search, feed, content, and other services through mobile devices; and Haokan, which allows users to upload, view, search, rate, share, favorite, comment, and follow, as well as offers a range of various user generated and professionally produced short videos. It also provides a portfolio of knowledge and information products, including Baidu Wiki, which features columns and videos, such as encyclopedia of intangible cultural heritage, digital museum and recorder of history; Baidu Knows, an online community where users can pose questions to other users, such as individuals, professionals, and enterprises; Baidu Experience, an online platform where users share daily knowledge and experience; ERNIE Bot; and Baidu Post, a social media that allows users to post text, image, audio and video content, and reply to original curation forming valuable discussion groups. In addition, the company offers Baidu Apollo auto solutions; DuerOS smart assistant for the Chinese language; Apollo Go autonomous ride-hailing service; online marketing services; Baidu Maps, a voice-enabled mobile app providing users with travel-related services; and AI chips. The iQIYI segment operates an online entertainment video platform that offers original, professionally produced, and professional user generated and user-generated content. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.