Company: BlackLine Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: BL
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: Woodland Hills
Website: https://www.blackline.com
Employees: 1850
Business Summary: BlackLine, Inc. provides cloud-based solutions to automate and streamline accounting and finance operations in the United States and internationally. It offers financial close and consolidation solutions, such as account reconciliations that provides a centralized workspace for users to collaborate on account reconciliations; transaction matching, which analyzes and reconciles individual transactions; task management to create and manage processes and task lists; and financial reporting analytics that enables analysis and validation of financial data. The company also provides journal entry, which allows users to generate, review, and post manual journal entries; variance analysis that offers anomalous fluctuations in balance sheet and income statement account balances; compliance, an integrated solution that facilitates compliance-related initiatives, consolidates project management, and provides visibility over control self-assessments and testing; and smart close for SAP solution. In addition, it offers credit and risk, collection, dispute and deduction, and team and task management, as well as AR intelligence, electronic invoicing and payment, and cash application solutions. Further, the company provides intercompany create functionality that stores permissions and business logic exceptions by entity, service, and transaction type; intercompany balance and resolve, which records an organization's intercompany transactions; and netting and settlement that enables open intercompany transactions, which integrate with treasury systems. Additionally, it offers implementation, optimization, live and web-based training, and support services. The company sells its solutions primarily through direct sales force to multinational corporations, large domestic enterprises, and mid-market companies across various industries. The company was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Woodland Hills, California.