Company: Bragg Gaming Group Inc. Common Shares
Ticker: BRAG
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Gambling
Country: Canada
City: Toronto
Website: https://bragg.group
Employees: 537
Business Summary: Bragg Gaming Group Inc. operates as an iGaming content and technology solutions provider serving online and land-based gaming operators with its proprietary and exclusive content. The company offers various games, including slot games, table games, card games, video bingo, scratch card games, virtual sports, and live dealer games. Its studios also provide crafted casino game titles using the data-driven insights from in-house brands, including Wild Streak Gaming, Atomic Slot Lab, and Indigo Magic; and its proprietary content portfolio is complemented by a cross section of exclusive titles from selected studio partners under the Powered By Bragg program. The company builds games on its own remote games server (RGS) technology that are distributed via the Bragg Hub content delivery platform and are available to the customers. Its proprietary player account management (PAM) technology powers various iCasino and sportsbook brands and is supported by in-house managed, operational, and marketing services. In addition, the company offers turnkey solutions; Fuze brand marketing toolset with Kingsbet.cz; and sportsbook technology through Altenar. It provides services to gaming operators in North America, including in the United States and Canada; in LatAM, Brazil, Mexico and Peru; and in Europe, such as Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. The company has a strategic partnership with Golden Whale Productions for the development of artificial intelligence powered gaming solutions. The company has a strategic partnership with Super Technologies. The company was formerly known as Rockies Financial Corporation and changed its name to Bragg Gaming Group Inc. in 2018. Bragg Gaming Group Inc. is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.