Company: Cross Country Healthcare Inc. Common Stock $0.0001 Par Value
Ticker: CCRN
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Care Facilities
Country: United States
City: Boca Raton
Website: https://www.crosscountry.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. provides talent management services for healthcare clients in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Nurse and Allied Staffing and Physician Staffing. The Nurse and Allied Staffing segment provides traditional staffing, recruiting, and value-added total talent solutions, including temporary and permanent placement of travel and local nurse, and allied professionals, as well as healthcare leaders within nursing, allied, human resources, and finance; vendor neutral and managed services programs; and education healthcare, in-home care, and outsourcing services. This segment offers staffing solutions for registered nurses, licensed practical nurses, certified nurse assistants, practitioners, pharmacists, and other allied professionals on per diem and short-term assignments; and clinical and non-clinical professionals on long-term assignments, as well as workforce solutions, including MSP, VMS, RPO, project management, and other outsourcing and consultative services. It also provides retained search services for healthcare professionals, as well as contingent search and recruitment process outsourcing services. The company serves public and private acute care and non-acute care hospitals, government facilities, local and national healthcare plans, managed care providers, public and charter schools, outpatient clinics, ambulatory care facilities, correctional facilities, PACE programs, physician practice groups, and other healthcare providers. The Physician Staffing segment provides physicians in various specialties, certified registered nurse anesthetists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants as independent contractors on temporary assignments. This segment serves various healthcare facilities, such as acute and non-acute care facilities, medical group practices, government facilities, and managed care organizations. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.