Company: Confluent Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: CFLT
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: United States
City: Mountain View
Website: https://www.confluent.io
Employees: 3241
Business Summary: Confluent, Inc. operates a data streaming platform in the United States and internationally. The company provides platforms that allow customers to connect their applications, systems, and data layers comprising Confluent Cloud, a managed cloud-native software-as-a-service (SaaS); and Confluent Platform and Confluent Private Cloud, an enterprise-grade self-managed software. It also offers connectors for existing applications, and IT and cloud infrastructure; Apache Flink services that allows teams to create reusable data streams that can be delivered real-time; confluent intelligence, a suite of features built to address critical ai data needs by bringing real-time data directly to production ai systems; Tableflow, a fully managed service that materializes Kafka topics directly into open table formats, such as Apache Iceberg and Delta Lake; and WarpStream, a bring your own cloud managed streaming service. In addition, the company provides stream governance, a managed data governance suite that is designed for the intricacies of streaming data, which allows teams to accelerate data streaming initiatives without bypassing controls for risk management or regulatory compliance; Schema Validation that provides a direct interface between the broker and Schema Registry; and Schema Registry, which manages data structures and ensuring compatibility as data evolves. Further, it offers professional services comprising packaged and residency offerings; education offerings consisting of training and certification guidance, technical resources, and access to hands-on training and certification exams; and certification programs. It serves telecom, healthcare, banking, and financial services industries. The company was formerly known as Infinitem, Inc. and changed its name to Confluent, Inc. in September 2014. Confluent, Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.