Company: Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: CHKP
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: Israel
City: Tel Aviv-Yafo
Website: https://www.checkpoint.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. develops, markets, and supports a range of products and services for IT security worldwide. It provides a multilevel security architecture that defends enterprises' cloud, network, mobile devices, endpoints information, and IOT solutions. The company offers on-premises security with quantum, a hyperscale AI-powered threat prevention for securing mesh networks, which comprise data center, perimeter, branch, and remote users; and security gateways, hyperscale orchestrator, SD-WAN networking, DDoS security, automated prevention for IoT, and cloud security management. It also provides cloud security with CloudGuard, a unified prevention-first cloud native security across applications, workloads, and network to automate security, prevent threats, and manage posture-at cloud speed and scale. In addition, the company offers workspace security with harmony that prevents sophisticated attacks across the IT workspace, including emails, web applications, devices, and remote corporate access. Further, it provides collaborative security operations with infinity platform services that include Collaborative prevention first security operations and unified management consisting of extended prevention and response, orchestration, automation, ThreatCloud AI, and generative AI copilot. Additionally, the company offers managed and professional services for defense with a comprehensive suite of cyber security services, including managed detection and response, incident response, security architecture design, consulting, and training. The company also provides technical customer support programs and plans; professional services in implementing, upgrading, and optimizing its products comprising design planning and security implementation; and certification and educational training services on its products. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel.