Company: Coherus Oncology Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: CHRS
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Biotechnology
Country: United States
City: Redwood City
Website: https://www.coherus.com
Employees: 158
Business Summary: Coherus Oncology, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, researches, develops, and commercializes immunotherapies to treat cancer in the United States. The company develops UDENYCA, a biosimilar to Neulasta, a long-acting granulocyte-colony stimulating factor; LOQTORZI, a novel next-generation programmed death receptor-1 inhibitor; and Casdozokitug, an investigational recombinant human immunoglobulin isotype (IgG1) monoclonal antibody targeting interleukin 27. It also develops CHS-114, an investigational highly specific human afucosylated IgG1 monoclonal antibody, a chemokine receptor highly expressed on Treg cells in the tumor microenvironment (TME); and CHS-1000, Anti-ILT4 monoclonal antibody for solid tumors. In addition, the company offers GSK4381562, an antibody targeting CD112R to treat tumor cells; YUSIMRY, a biosimilar to Humira for inflammatory diseases characterized by increased production of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) in the body, such as rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, Crohn's disease, psoriasis, and ulcerative colitis; and CIMERLI, a Lucentis biosimilar to treat neovascular age-related macular degeneration, macular edema following retinal vein occlusion, diabetic macular edema, diabetic retinopathy, and myopic choroidal neovascularization. It has a collaboration agreement with Junshi Biosciences for the co-development and commercialization of toripalimab; agreement with Surface and Adimab LLC; license agreements with Bioeq AG and Genentech, Inc. and Surface and Vaccinex, Inc.; and out-licensing agreement with Novartis Institutes for Biomedical Research, Inc. and GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property No. 4 Limited. The company was formerly known as Coherus BioSciences, Inc. and changed its name to Coherus Oncology, Inc. in May 2025. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Redwood City, California.