Company: Clearfield Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: CLFD
Sector: Technology
Industry: Communication Equipment
Country: United States
City: Minneapolis
Website: https://www.seeclearfield.com
Employees: 243
Business Summary: Clearfield, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and distributes fiber management, protection, and delivery products in the United States and internationally. The company offers FieldSmart, a series of panels, cabinets, wall boxes, and other enclosures; WaveSmart, an optical component integrated for signal coupling, splitting, termination, multiplexing, demultiplexing, and attenuation for integration within its fiber management platform; and FiberFlex, an outdoor active cabinet for mounting and configuration of electronic equipment. It also provides CraftSmart FiberFirst pedestals, an access terminal that offers cable management and mounting bracket kit that support the deployment of access terminals; YOURx, an access terminal that provides flexibility with cable mid-span and internal splicing options; FieldShield, a fiber pathway and protection method for reducing the cost of broadband deployment; Fiber Assemblies used for industry-standard or customer-specified configurations; and ClearPass Connector Cleaning Dust Cap, which simplifies fiber connector cleaning while enhancing network performance. In addition, the company offers fiber to the premise, fiber to the business, DC interconnect/campus network, meet-me room, main distribution area, and white space. Further, it provides metro core, backhaul, indoor/outdoor DAS, small cells, and FTT-cell site. The company serves various service providers, including national carriers, community broadband, multiple system operators, legacy build-to-print copper and fiber assemblies, large enterprises, and original equipment manufacturer markets. It sells its products through sales force and authorized distributors. The company was formerly known as APA Enterprises, Inc. and changed its name to Clearfield, Inc. in January 2008. Clearfield, Inc. was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.