Company: Cambium Networks Corporation Ordinary Shares
Ticker: CMBM
Sector: Technology
Industry: Communication Equipment
Country: United States
City: Hoffman Estates
Website: https://www.cambiumnetworks.com
Employees: 625
Business Summary: Cambium Networks Corporation designs, develops, and manufactures fixed wireless, fiber broadband, and enterprise networking infrastructure solutions in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Caribbean and Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers fixed wireless and PON/XGSPON based broadband, Wi-Fi, and local area networking (LAN) switching infrastructure; and security gateway solutions for a range of applications, such as broadband access, wireless backhaul, Internet of Things (IoT), public safety communications, and Wi-Fi access for commercial use. Its fixed wireless and fiber broadband (FWB) portfolio spans point-to-point (PTP) and point-to-multi-point (PMP) architectures over multiple standards, and frequency bands, including licensed, unlicensed, and lightly licensed spectrum, and fiber products. Its enterprise portfolio comprises a range of indoor and outdoor Wi-Fi access points, indoor and hardened copper and optical based ethernet switches, and security gateway and software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN) devices. Its subscription and services portfolio includes network planning and design, and cloud or on-premises network management and control solutions delivered through subscription to cnMaestro X. It serves healthcare, education, hospitality, military communication, mining and minerals, multifamily living, national law enforcement, oil and gas, public safety, residential broadband, small business, smart cities, government, transportation and logistics, utilities and electric cooperatives, and wireless video surveillance CCTV markets. The company sells its products and services through distributors and other channel partners, such as resellers, managed service providers, and systems integrators. The company was formerly known as Vector Cambium Holdings (Cayman), Ltd. and changed its name to Cambium Networks Corporation in 2018. Cambium Networks Corporation was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.