Company: Creative Media & Community Trust Corporation Common stock
Ticker: CMCT
Sector: Real Estate
Industry: REIT - Office
Country: United States
City: Dallas
Website: https://www.creativemediacommunity.com
Employees: 5
Business Summary: Creative Media & Community Trust Corporation is a Maryland corporation and REIT. We primarily acquire, develop, own and operate both premier multifamily properties situated in vibrant communities throughout the United States and Class A and creative office real assets in markets with similar business and employment characteristics to our multifamily investments. We seek to apply the expertise of CIM Group to the acquisition, development and operation of premier multifamily properties and creative office assets that cater to rapidly growing industries such as technology, media and entertainment. All of our real estate assets are and will generally be located in communities qualified by CIM Group as described further below. These communities are located in areas that include traditional downtown areas and suburban main streets, which have high barriers to entry, high population density, positive population trends and a propensity for growth. We believe that the critical mass of redevelopment in such areas creates positive externalities, which enhance the value of real estate assets in the area. We believe that these assets will provide greater returns than similar assets in other markets, as a result of the population growth, public commitment and significant private investment that characterize these areas. CIM Group is headquartered in Los Angeles, California and has offices in Atlanta, Georgia, Chicago, Illinois, Dallas, Texas, New York, New York, Orlando, Florida, Phoenix, Arizona, London, U.K. and Tokyo, Japan. CIM also maintains additional offices with distribution staff and JV partnerships. As of June 30, 2025, our real estate portfolio consisted of 27 assets, all of which were fee-simple properties and five of which we own through investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. Our Unconsolidated Joint Ventures contain one office property, one multifamily site currently under development, two multifamily properties (one of which has been partially converted from office into multifamily units and is now being classified as a multifamily property) and one commercial development site. As of June 30, 2025, our 12 office properties, totaling approximately 1.3 million rentable square feet, were 68.1% occupied, and our one 505-room hotel with an ancillary parking garage, had RevPAR of $171.63 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and our four multifamily properties were 83.4% occupied. Additionally, as of June 30, 2025, we had nine development sites (three of which were being used as parking lots).