Company: Cytek Biosciences Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: CTKB
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Devices
Country: United States
City: Fremont
Website: https://cytekbio.com
Employees: 702
Business Summary: Cytek Biosciences, Inc., a cell analysis solutions company, provides cell analysis tools that facilitate scientific advances in biomedical research and clinical applications. The company offers Cytek aurora, northern lights systems, and Cytek aurora evo systems delivers cell analysis; Cytek Aurora CS System, a cellular complexity to perform additional downstream genomic and proteomic studies using phenotyping approaches; enhanced small particle detection; Cytek amnis imagestream imaging flow cytometers; Cytek guava muse cell analyzers; Cytek muse micro cell analyzers; Cytek guava easyCyte flow cytometers; and Cytek orion reagent cocktail preparation systems. It also provides reagents and kits, including cFluor reagents that are fluorochrome conjugated antibodies used to identify cells of interest for analysis on its instruments. In addition, the company offers automated micro-sampling system and automated sample loader system, an automated loaders designed to integrate seamlessly into the Cytek aurora and northern lights systems; SpectroFlo software that provides intuitive workflow from quality control to data analysis for Cytek aurora, northern lights, and Cytek aurora evo systems; and customer support tools. Further, it provides conventional flow and image-based flow cytometry instrumentation and related products and services under the Amnis and Guava brand names. The company serves pharmaceutical and biopharma companies, academic research centers, and contract research organizations. It distributes its products through direct sales force and support organizations in North America, Europe, China, and the Asia-Pacific regions; and through distributors or sales agents in Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East countries. The company was formerly known as Cytoville, Inc. and changed its name to Cytek Biosciences, Inc. in August 2015. Cytek Biosciences, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Fremont, California.