Company: Dominari Holdings Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: DOMH
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Capital Markets
Country: United States
City: New York
Website: https://www.dominariholdings.com
Employees: 29
Business Summary: Dominari Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading, and asset management activities in the United States and internationally. The company operates through two segments: Dominari Financial and Legacy AIkido. It offers full-service brokerage services, including exchange-traded and over-the-counter corporate equity and debt securities, money market instruments, exchange-traded options, municipal bonds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and unit investment trusts; financial and wealth planning services, such as asset management, individual and corporate retirement solutions, insurance and annuity products, IRAs and 401(k) plans, U.S. stock plan services, education savings programs, and trust and fiduciary services; and margin lending services. The company also provides financial advisory services to buyers and sellers on sales, divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, privatizations, spin-offs, joint ventures, restructurings, and liability management; capital raising solutions through initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, confidentially marketed public offerings, registered directs, private investments in public equity, private placements, at-the-market offerings, and equity-linked offerings for corporate clients; institutional equity sales and trading; equity derivatives and index options; and trading in public and private debt securities, including investment and non-investment grade, and distressed and convertible corporate securities. In addition, it offers asset management solutions, such as separately managed accounts, discretionary advisory accounts, non-discretionary advisory accounts, alternative investments, and private market platforms. The company was formerly known as AIkido Pharma Inc. and changed its name to Dominari Holdings Inc. in December 2022. Dominari Holdings Inc. was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in New York, New York.