Company: Distribution Solutions Group Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: DSGR
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Industrial Distribution
Country: United States
City: Fort Worth
Website: https://distributionsolutionsgroup.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Distribution Solutions Group, Inc., a specialty distribution company, provides value-added distribution solutions to the maintenance, repair and operations (MRO), original equipment manufacturer, and industrial technology markets. It operates through four segments: Lawson, TestEquity, Gexpro Services, and Canada Branch Division. The Lawson segment distributes specialty products and services to the industrial, commercial, institutional, and government MRO marketplace. The TestEquity segment distributes test and measurement equipment and solutions, industrial and electronic production supplies, and vendor managed inventory programs, as well as converting, fabrication, and adhesive solutions to the aerospace and defense, wireless and communication, semiconductors, industrial electronics and automotive, and electronics manufacturing industries under the TestEquity, Hisco, Techni-Pro, Techni-Tool, and Jensen Tools brands. The Gexpro Services segment provides supply chain management solutions that offer VMI, kitting, global logistics management, manufacturing localization and import expertise, value engineering and quality assurance to renewables, industrial power, consumer and industrial, technology, transportation, and aerospace and defense. The Canada Branch Division distributes industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, power tools, and related value-add services to the industrial, government, commercial, and residential contractor markets for the Canadian MRO market. The company distributes MRO products to its customers through a network of sales representatives. It has operations in the United States, Canada, Europe, Pacific Rim, Latin America, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Lawson Products, Inc. and has changed to Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 2022. Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1952 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.