Company: Elbit Systems Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: ESLT
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Aerospace & Defense
Country: Israel
City: Haifa
Website: https://www.elbitsystems.com
Employees: 20000
Business Summary: Elbit Systems Ltd. develops and supplies a portfolio of airborne, land, and naval systems and products for the defense, homeland security, and commercial aviation applications in Israel, North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and internationally. It operates through five segments: Aerospace; C4I and Cyber; Intelligence, Surveillance, Target Acquisition and Reconnaissance (ISTAR) and Electronic Warfare (EW); Land; and Elbit Systems of America (ESA). The company offers products and systems for airborne platforms, unmanned aerial solutions, precision guided munition (PGM) sensors, aerostructures, training and simulator systems, flight academy solutions, and commercial aviation systems. It also provides command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems, data links and radio communication systems and equipment, cyber intelligence solutions, autonomous solutions, and homeland security solutions. In addition, the company offers various electro-optic laser solutions and countermeasure systems and products, naval systems and various type of electronic warfare systems, and signal intelligence systems. Further, it provides land-based systems and products for armored and other military vehicles, artillery and mortar systems, munitions for land, and air and sea applications, including PGM, armored vehicle, and other platforms' survivability and protection systems. Additionally, the company offers products and systems solutions principally to U.S. military, foreign military sales (FMS/FMF), homeland security (HLS), and medical instrumentation and commercial aviation customers. It markets its systems and products as a prime contractor or subcontractor to various governments and companies. The company was incorporated in 1966 and is based in Haifa, Israel.