Company: First Citizens BancShares Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: FCNCA
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional
Country: United States
City: Raleigh
Website: https://www.firstcitizens.com
Employees: 17876
Business Summary: First Citizens BancShares, Inc. operates as the holding company for First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company that provides retail and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses, and professionals in the United States and internationally. It operates through the General Bank, Commercial Bank, and Rail segments. The General Bank segment offers deposit products, including checking, savings, money market, and time deposit accounts; conforming and jumbo residential mortgage, and business and commercial loans; brokerage, investment advisory, private stock loans, other secured and unsecured lending products, and vineyard development loans; planning-based financial strategies, family office, financial planning, tax planning, and trust services; and payment and treasury services. This segment also includes a community association bank business that supports deposit, cash management, and lending to homeowner associations and property management companies. Its Commercial Bank segment provides a range of leasing, capital markets, asset management, and other financial and advisory services; factoring, receivable management, supply chain financing, and secured financing services; and commercial deposit products and services through online and mobile banking platforms, as well as physical locations. The Rail segment offers customized leasing and financing solutions on a fleet of railcars and locomotives to railroads and shippers. Its railcar types include covered hopper cars used to ship grain and agricultural products, plastic pellets, sand, and cement; tank cars for energy products and chemicals; gondolas for coal, steel coil and mill service products; open-top hopper cars for coal and aggregates; boxcars for paper and auto parts; and centerbeams and flat cars for lumber. First Citizens BancShares, Inc. was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina.