Company: Franklin Electric Co. Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: FELE
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Specialty Industrial Machinery
Country: United States
City: Fort Wayne
Website: https://www.franklin-electric.com
Employees: 6500
Business Summary: Franklin Electric Co., Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and distributes water and fuel pumping systems in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Water Systems, Energy Systems, and Distribution segments. The Water Systems segment offers motors, pumps, water treatment systems, monitoring devices, and related parts and equipment for use in groundwater, water transfer, and wastewater in a range of residential, agricultural, municipal, and industrial applications; and electronic drives and controls for the motors, which control functionality and provide protection from various hazards, such as electrical surges, over-heating, and dry wells or dry tanks. Its Energy Systems segment produces and markets pumps, motors, pipes, sumps, fittings, vapor recovery components, electronic controls, monitoring devices, and related parts and equipment for use in energy system applications; and components between the tanks and the dispensers, including submersible pumps, station hardware, piping, and corrosion control systems. This segment serves other energy markets, such as power reliability systems, including intelligent electronic devices that are designed for online monitoring for the power utility, hydroelectric, rail, and telecommunication and data center infrastructure. The Distribution segment sells to and provides presale support and specifications to the installing contractors. It sells its products to wholesale and retail distributors, specialty distributors, and industrial and petroleum equipment distributors, as well as to oil and utility companies, and original equipment manufacturers. The company was founded in 1944 and is headquartered in Fort Wayne, Indiana.