Company: First Interstate BancSystem Inc. Common Stock (DE)
Ticker: FIBK
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional
Country: United States
City: Billings
Website: https://www.fibk.com
Employees: 3376
Business Summary: First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for First Interstate Bank that provides a range of banking products and services in the United States. The company offers various traditional depository products, including checking, savings, and time deposits; and repurchase agreements primarily for commercial and municipal depositors. It also provides a range of trust, employee benefit, investment management, insurance, agency, and custodial services, including administration of estates and personal trusts; manages investment accounts for individuals; employee benefit plans and charitable foundations; and insurance planning. The company's loan portfolio includes real estate loans, such as commercial real estate, construction, residential, agricultural, and other real estate loans; consumer loans, including direct personal loans, credit card loans and lines of credit, and indirect loans; variable and fixed rate commercial loans for small and medium-sized manufacturing, wholesale, retail, and service businesses for working capital needs and business expansions; and agricultural loans. In addition, it offers marketing, credit review, loan servicing, credit cards servicing, mortgage loan sales and servicing, indirect consumer loan and processing, loan collection services, other operational, and specialized staff support services, as well as online and mobile banking services. The company serves individuals, businesses, municipalities, and other entities in various industries, including agriculture, construction, education, governmental services, healthcare, hospitality, housing, professional services, real estate development, retail, technology, tourism, and wholesale trade. First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. was formerly known as First Interstate Bancsystem Of Montana, Inc. and changed its name to First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. in June 1993. The company was founded in 1879 and is headquartered in Billings, Montana.