Company: Five Below Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: FIVE
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Specialty Retail
Country: United States
City: Philadelphia
Website: https://www.fivebelow.com
Employees: 7300
Business Summary: Five Below, Inc. operates as a specialty value retailer in the United States. It offers socks, jewelry, hair accessories, cozy loungewear, and t-shirts, as well as personal care essentials, skincare, fragrance, and branded cosmetics; and personalized living space products, such as lamps, posters, frames, fleece blankets, plush items, pillows, candles, incense, lighting, novelty décor, accent furniture, and related items, as well as provides storage options. The company also provides assortment of sport balls, team sports merchandise, and fitness accessories, including hand weights, jump ropes and gym balls; various games, such as board games, puzzles, collectibles, and toys; and summer season sports, which include pool, beach, and outdoor toys, as well as games and accessories. In addition, it offers accessories for cell phones, tablets, audio, computers, and automobiles, as well as cases, chargers, cables, headphones, and other related items; and products for audio, gaming, and gadgets. Further, the company provides assortment of craft activity kits, and arts and crafts supplies, such as crayons, markers, and stickers; and school products comprising backpacks, fashion notebooks and journals, novelty pens and pencils, and locker accessories. Additionally, it offers party goods, decorations, gag gifts, and greeting cards, as well as every day and special occasion merchandise; assortment of classic and novelty candy bars, movie-size box candy, seasonal-related candy, and gum and snack food products, as well as sells chilled drinks through coolers; and provides seasonally specific items used to celebrate and decorate for events. The company was formerly known as Cheap Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Five Below, Inc. in August 2002. Five Below, Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.