Company: Flex Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: FLEX
Sector: Technology
Industry: Electronic Components
Country: United States
City: Austin
Website: https://www.flex.com
Employees: 147979
Business Summary: Flex Ltd. provides technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to data center, communications, enterprise, consumer, automotive, industrial, healthcare, industrial, and power industries. The company operates through two segments, Flex Agility Solutions (FAS) and Flex Reliability Solutions (FRS). The FAS segment offers flexible supply and manufacturing system comprising communications, enterprise, and cloud solution, which includes data, edge, and communications infrastructure; lifestyle solution, including appliances, floorcare, smart living, HVAC, and power tools; and consumer devices, such as mobile and high velocity consumer devices. Its FRS segment provides complex ramps with specialized production models and critical environments, which comprise industrial solutions, including industrial devices, capital equipment, renewables, and critical and embedded power solutions; automotive solutions, such as compute platforms, power electronics, motion, and interface; and health solutions comprising medical devices, medical equipment, and drug delivery. It also offers various services, including design and engineering, such as product design and engineering resources that provide design services, product development, and systems integration services and solutions; supply chain comprising manufacturing, customization, procurement, logistics, and innovative supply chain solutions; manufacturing; and logistics and value-added fulfillment services, including warehousing and vendor managed inventory, omni-channel fulfillment, kitting, configuration, and postponement. It operates in the Americas, Asia, and Europe. The company was formerly known as Flextronics International Ltd. and changed its name to Flex Ltd. in September 2016. Flex Ltd. was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.