Company: First Bancorp Inc  (ME) Common Stock
Ticker: FNLC
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional
Country: United States
City: Damariscotta
Website: https://www.thefirst.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: The First Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for First National Bank that provides a range of banking products and services to individual and corporate customers. The company accepts various deposit products, including demand, NOW, time, savings, money market, and certificates of deposit accounts. It also provides commercial loans, such as mortgage loans to finance investments in real property, which includes retail spaces, offices, industrial buildings, hotels, educational facilities, and other specific or mixed use properties; commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans; commercial construction to finance construction in a mix of owner- and nonowner occupied commercial real estate properties; and commercial and industrial loans, including revolving and term loans for financing working capital and/or capital investment. In addition, the company offers commercial multifamily loans; residential real estate term and construction loans; loans to municipalities in Maine for capitalized expenditures, construction projects, or tax anticipation notes; home equity revolving and term loans; and personal lines of credit and amortizing loans for various purposes, such as autos, recreational vehicles, debt consolidation, personal expenses, or overdraft protection. Further, it offers private banking, financial planning, investment management, and trust services to individuals, businesses, non-profit organizations, and municipalities, as well as brokerage, annuity, and various insurance products. The company operates through full-service banking offices in Lincoln, Knox, Waldo, Penobscot, Hancock, and Washington counties in the Mid-Coast, Eastern, and Down East regions of Maine. The company was formerly known as First National Lincoln Corporation and changed its name to The First Bancorp, Inc. in April 2008. The First Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1864 and is based in Damariscotta, Maine.