Company: Freshworks Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: FRSH
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: San Mateo
Website: https://www.freshworks.com
Employees: 4500
Business Summary: Freshworks Inc., a software development company, provides software-as-a-service products in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company's software-as-a-service solutions includes Customer Experience (CX) and Employee Experience (EX). Its Customer Experience products include Freshdesk Omni, an AI-powered omnichannel customer service solution that unifies customer interactions, support operations, and empowers agents to deliver exceptional experiences; Freshdesk, a ticketing and case management solution; Freshchat that provides agents with a modern conversational experience to proactively engage customers across digital messaging channels; Freshcaller, a cloud-based contact center solution for scalable voice operations; Freshsales, a sales CRM for pipeline management and deal closure solution; and Freshmarketer, a marketing automation platform designed to help businesses to attract, nurture, convert, and retain customers. The company's Employee Experience products include Freshservice, an IT and enterprise service management platform to AI agents to help employees resolve issues, make requests, and access information through conversational interfaces without requiring direct interaction with the service desk; Freshservice for Business Teams, which provides a unified employee service experience while ensuring the secure separation of departmental data; Device42 which provides IT discovery and dependency mapping solutions; and FireHydrant, a modern incident management platform that enables engineering and operations teams to manage the full incident lifecycle. In addition, it provides Freshworks platform, an AI-powered, enterprise-grade foundation that unifies customer experience and employee experience product lines. The company was formerly known as Freshdesk Inc. and changed its name to Freshworks Inc. in June 2017. Freshworks Inc. was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in San Mateo, California.