Company: Hain Celestial Group Inc. (The) Common Stock
Ticker: HAIN
Sector: Consumer Defensive
Industry: Packaged Foods
Country: United States
City: Hoboken
Website: https://www.hain.com
Employees: 2600
Business Summary: The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. manufactures, markets, and sells organic and natural products in the United States, United Kingdom, Europe, and internationally. The company offers infant formula; infant and toddler formula, infant cereals, baby food pouches, snacks and frozen toddler and kids' foods; plant-based beverages such as soy, rice, oat, cashew and spelt; and condiments, as well as meat-free dishes and meals. It also provides cooking and culinary oils, vinegars, and condiments; nutritional oils and supplements; broth and soups; yogurts; desserts and creamers; and nut butters. In addition, the company offers hot-eating desserts, refrigerated and frozen meat alternative snacks and meals, vegetables and lentils, jams, fruit spreads, jellies, honey, natural sweeteners, syrups, dessert sauces, and marmalade products, as well as other food products. Further, it provides snack products comprising potato, root vegetable and other exotic vegetable chip, straw, tortilla chip; and personal care products that include hand, skin, hair, and sun care, oral care products, as well as deodorant, baby food, sunscreen, and other products under the Alba Botanica, Avalon Organics, Earth's Best, JASON, Live Clean, and Queen Helene brand name. Additionally, the company offers herbal, green, black, wellness, rooibos, and chai tea under the Celestial Seasonings brand. It sells pantry products under the Spectrum, Spectrum Essentials, MaraNatha, Imagine broth, Hain Pure Foods, and Health Valley brands. It sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors, supermarkets, natural food stores, mass-market and e-commerce retailers, food service channels and clubs, and drug and convenience stores. The company was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey.