Company: Hologic Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: HOLX
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Instruments & Supplies
Country: United States
City: Marlborough
Website: https://www.hologic.com
Employees: 7070
Business Summary: Hologic, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and supply of diagnostics products, medical imaging systems, and surgical products for women's health through early detection and treatment worldwide. It operates through four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical, and Skeletal Health. The company provides Aptima molecular diagnostic assays to detect the infectious microorganisms; Aptima viral load assays for Hepatitis B virus, Hepatitis C virus, human immunodeficiency virus, and human cytomegalo virus; Aptima bacterial vaginosis and candida vaginitis assays for the diagnosis of vaginitis; Aptima SARS-CoV-2 and Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2 assays to detect SARS-CoV-2; ThinPrep System for cytology applications; and Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test that assists physicians in assessing the risk of pre-term birth. It also offers breast cancer care solutions in the areas of radiology, breast surgery, pathology, and treatment, such as 3D digital mammography systems, image analysis software, reading workstations, minimally invasive breast biopsy guidance systems, breast biopsy site markers, localization, and specimen radiology systems; and breast conserving surgery products. In addition, the company provides MyoSure Hysteroscopic Tissue Removal System for the removal of fibroids and polyps in the uterus; NovaSure Endometrial Ablation System to treat abnormal uterine bleeding; Fluent Fluid Management System that provides liquid distention during diagnostic and operative hysteroscopic procedures; Acessa ProVu system to treat various fibroids; and CoolSeal portfolio, such as bipolar vessel sealing devices. Further, it offers Horizon DXA, a dual energy X-ray system. The company sells its products through direct sales, service forces, independent distributors, and sales representatives. The company was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Marlborough, Massachusetts.