Company: Harmony Biosciences Holdings Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: HRMY
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Biotechnology
Country: United States
City: Plymouth Meeting
Website: https://www.harmonybiosciences.com
Employees: 293
Business Summary: Harmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc., a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company, focuses on developing and commercializing therapies for patients with rare neurological diseases in the United States. The company offers WAKIX (pitolisant), a molecule with a novel mechanism of action for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness in adult patients with narcolepsy. It also develops Pitolisant that is in Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS); in Phase 2 clinical trial to treat Myotonic Dystrophy (DM1); and is in Phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of Pitolisant Gastro-Resistant (GR) and Pitolisant High-Dose (HD). In addition, the company's products under development include BP1.15205, an orexin 2 receptor agonist for the treatment of narcolepsy and other potential indications; and HBS-102, a melanin-concentrating hormone receptor type 1 (MCHR1) antagonist. Further, it develops ZYN-002 that is in a Phase 3 registrational trial for the treatment of Fragile X Syndrome; and 22q Deletion Syndrome, a disorder caused by a small missing piece on the long arm of the 22nd chromosome. Additionally, the company is developing EPX-100 (clemizole hydrochloride), a serotonin (5HT-2) receptor agonist to treat dravet syndrome and lenox-gastaut syndrome; EPX-200 (liquid formulation of lorcaserin), a selective 5HT-2C agonist to treat developmental and epileptic encephalopathies; CBS105 for the treatment-resistant narcolepsy; and CBS104 for refractory epilepsy. The company was formerly known as Harmony Biosciences II, Inc. and changed its name to Harmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc. in February 2020. Harmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania.