Company: Harrow Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: HROW
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
Country: United States
City: Nashville
Website: https://www.harrow.com
Employees: 373
Business Summary: Harrow, Inc., an eyecare pharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of ophthalmic pharmaceutical products in the United States. It operates through Branded and ImprimisRx segments. The company offers ImprimisRx, an ophthalmology-focused compounded medications. It also provides IHEEZO, a chloroprocaine hydrochloride ophthalmic gel; ophthalmic solutions, including IOPIDINE, VEVYE, and ZERVIATE, as well as BYQLOVI; MAXITROL eye drops; ILEVRO and NEVANAC, a non-steroidal and anti-inflammatory eye drop for pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery; BYOOVIZ, a LUCENTIS biosimilar indicated for the treatment of patients with Neovascular (Wet) age-related macular degeneration (AMD), macular edema following retinal vein occlusion (RVO), and myopic choroidal neovascularization (mCNV); VIGAMOX, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic eye drop for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis; OPUVIZ, an EYLEA biosimilar indicated for the treatment of patients with Wet AMD, macular edema following RVO, diabetic macular edema (DME), and diabetic retinopathy (DR); MAXIDEX and FLAREX, a steroid eye drop for steroid-responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe and the eye; TRIESENCE, a steroid injection for the treatment of ophthalmic diseases and for visualization during vitrectomy; and NATACYN, a sterile, antifungal drug for the treatment of fungal blepharitis, conjunctivitis, and keratitis. In addition, it offers TOBRADEX ST, a tobramycin and dexamethasone ophthalmic suspension; VERKAZIA cyclosporine ophthalmic emulsion; NEVANAC, a non-steroidal, anti-inflammatory eye drop; and FRESHKOTE preservative free (PF) is a lubricant eye drop. The company was formerly known as Harrow Health, Inc. and changed its name to Harrow, Inc. in September 2023. Harrow, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.