Company: Hub Cyber Security Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: HUBC
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: Israel
City: Tel Aviv
Website: https://hubsecurity.com
Employees: 322
Business Summary: HUB Cyber Security Ltd. provides cyber security solutions in Israel, the Americas, and Europe. It operates in two segments: Product and Technology, and Professional Services. The company develops and markets integrated cybersecurity hardware/software solutions comprising data and cybersecurity, system security, reliability solutions, and related services, including consulting, planning, training, integrating and ongoing servicing of cybersecurity, risk management, system quality, reliability and security projects, and fully managed corporate cybersecurity services. Its product portfolio includes HUB Vault, a managed file transfer application; HUB PCIe card, a confidential computing functionality; and HUB Guard, a methodology solution for an ongoing alignment and evolvement of the cybersecurity posture. The company also offers ALD software, an integrated software tool for civil and military aviation, communication, space, and electronics organizations; RAM commander, a software that covers engineering tasks; safety commander, an off-the-shelf software that provides fail-safe design for any system of system safety assessment to various industries, including aerospace, rail, communication, and energy; and FavoWeb, a web-based and user-configurable failure reporting, analysis, and corrective action system that captures information about equipment or a process throughout its life cycle from design, production testing, and customer support. In addition, it provides various courses in the areas of quality and reliability through ALD College. Further, the company offers a range of tech solutions and services, including software development and testing, cybersecurity, information systems, consulting, and training through QPoint. It serves governmental, financial, and healthcare institutions, as well as large and regulated enterprises, and industries. HUB Cyber Security Ltd. was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.