Company: InterDigital Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: IDCC
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: Wilmington
Website: https://www.interdigital.com
Employees: 460
Business Summary: InterDigital, Inc. operates as a global research and development company focuses on wireless, visual, artificial intelligence (AI), and related technologies. The company engages in the design and development of technologies that enable connected in a range of communications and entertainment products and services, which are licensed to companies providing various products and services, including makers of wireless communications devices, consumer electronics, IoT devices, and cars and other motor vehicles, as well as providers of cloud-based services, such as video streaming. It designs and develops a range of innovations for use in digital cellular and wireless products and networks. The company also develops cellular technologies, such as technologies related to CDMA, TDMA, OFDM/OFDMA, and MIMO for use in 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G wireless networks, as well as mobile terminal devices; and 3GPP technology portfolio in 5G advanced and 6G, as well as technologies for mobile phones, automobiles and autonomous vehicles, wearables, smart factories and smart homes, robots, drones, and other connected consumer electronic products. In addition, it provides video coding and transmission technologies, and artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions. Further, the company's patented technologies are used in various products that include smartphones, tablets, consumer electronics, base stations, televisions, laptops, gaming consoles, set-top boxes, streaming devices, and connected automobiles, as well as patented technologies are used in various services, such as video streaming, user generated content sharing, video conferencing, video gaming, and other cloud-based services. InterDigital, Inc. was incorporated in 1972 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.