Company: iHeartMedia Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: IHRT
Sector: Communication Services
Industry: Broadcasting
Country: United States
City: San Antonio
Website: https://www.iheartmedia.com
Employees: 7449
Business Summary: iHeartMedia, Inc. operates as an audio media company in the United States. It operates in three segments: Multiplatform Group, Digital Audio Group, and Audio & Media Services Group. The Multiplatform Group segment offers broadcast radio stations; sponsorships and endorsements; live, in-person, and virtual events; and the SmartAudio platform, a comprehensive suite of tech-enabled advertising solutions. This segment also operates Premiere Networks, a national radio network that produces, distributes, or represents syndicated radio programs and services to radio station affiliates; and Total Traffic & Weather Network, which delivers real-time traffic flow and incident information along with weather updates, sports, and news. Its Digital Audio Group segment provides podcasting, digital sites, newsletters, digital services and programs, and ad tech platforms; free ad-supported streaming offerings, subscription streaming, display advertisements, and other content disseminated over digital platforms and social media; and iHeartRadio, a mobile app and web-based service that allows users to listen to radio stations, digital-only stations, custom artist stations, and podcasts. This segment also engages in the digital advertising technology business. The Audio & Media Services Group segment is involved in the media representation business. This segment also provides RCS, a cloud and on-premises broadcast software, which offers radio and television automation, music scheduling, newsroom automation, advertising sales management, and disaster recovery solutions; real-time audio recognition technology; and media streaming and research services to radio and television stations, cable channels, record labels, advertisers, and agencies worldwide. The company was formerly known as CC Media Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to iHeartMedia, Inc. in September 2014. iHeartMedia, Inc. was incorporated in 1974 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.