Company: Itron Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: ITRI
Sector: Technology
Industry: Scientific & Technical Instruments
Country: United States
City: Liberty Lake
Website: https://na.itron.com
Employees: 4987
Business Summary: Itron, Inc., a technology, solutions, and service company, provides end-to-end solutions that help manage energy, water, and smart city operations worldwide. It operates in four segments: Device Solutions, Networked Solutions, Outcomes, and Resiliency Solution. The Device Solutions segment offers hardware products that are used for measurement, control, or sensing, such as standard gas, electricity, water, and communicating meters, as well as heat and allocation products. The Networked Solutions segment provides communicating devices, such as smart meters, modules, endpoints, and sensors; network infrastructure; network design services; and associated heat-end management and application software for acquiring and transporting application-specific data. This segment also products and software for the implementation, installation, and management of communicating devices and data networks; offers industrial internet of things solutions, including automated meter reading; advanced metering infrastructure for electricity, water, and gas; distributed energy resource management; grid edge devices; distribution automation communications; smart lighting; and smart city sensors and applications. The Outcomes segment provides value-added, enhanced software and services, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, statistical modeling, and other analytics. The Resiliency Solutions segment offers software and services. The company offers implementation, project management, installation, consulting, and post-sale maintenance support services, as well as cloud and software-as-a-service; and extended or customer-specific warranties. It offers its products and services under the Itron brand. The company serves utility and smart city customers, and municipalities through its sales force, distributors, agents, partners, and meter manufacturer representatives. Itron, Inc. was incorporated in 1977 and is headquartered in Liberty Lake, Washington.