Company: Iveda Solutions Inc. Warrant
Ticker: IVDAW
Sector: 
Industry: 
Country: United States
City: Mesa
Website: https://www.iveda.com
Employees: 32
Business Summary: Iveda Solutions, Inc. provides artificial intelligence (AI) driven video surveillance solutions and a robust suite of Internet of Things (IoT) platforms that power digital transformation for cities and commercial clients internationally. It offers IvedaAI, a deep-learning video analytics software; and Sentir video surveillance system. It also provides Cerebro IoT Platform, a software technology platform that integrates a multitude of disparate systems for central access and management of applications, subsystems, and devices; IvedaSPS, a smart power solution utilizing its Cerebro IoT platform; Utilus smart pole solution that consists of power and Internet with a communication network for the access and management of sensors and devices; vumastAR, an AI vision software that uses video taken on IP cameras, AR glasses, Androids, and tablets to analyze and process data in real-time; and IvedaXpress, a system for pre-existing IP cameras and AI analytics without the need for large servers or a dedicated IT department. In addition, the company offers Iveda Smart UVC, an AI- driven vent disinfecting the air by irradiating UV light on the passing air; and IoT sensors and devices. Further, it offers the Iveda Smart Drone product for a multitude of industrial, commercial, and military applications; Iveda Smart Utility Cabinet, an internal environmental controller for a durable industrial-grade cabinet; Vemo Body Camera that streams live video using 4G to headquarters and doubles as a walkie-talkie with a push-to-talk feature; LevelNOW, an IoT-based solution that transforms way liquid levels are monitored and managed; and IvedaCare, a wireless health and wellness devices intended to help you monitor the health and activities. The company serves airports, commercial buildings, government customers, data centers, shopping centers, hotels, banks, and safe city projects. Iveda Solutions, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Mesa, Arizona.