Company: Johnson Outdoors Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: JOUT
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Leisure
Country: United States
City: Racine
Website: https://www.johnsonoutdoors.com
Employees: 1300
Business Summary: Johnson Outdoors Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets seasonal and outdoor recreation products for fishing worldwide. It operates through Fishing; Camping & Watercraft Recreation; and Diving segments. The Fishing segment offers electric motors for quiet trolling or primary propulsion, marine battery chargers, and shallow water anchors; sonar and GPS equipment for fish finding, navigation and marine cartography; and downriggers for controlled-depth fishing. This segment sells its products under the Minn Kota, Humminbird, and Cannon brands through outdoor specialty retailers, retail store chains, internet dealers, original equipment manufacturers, and distributors. The Camping & Watercraft Recreation segment provides portable outdoor cooking systems, single burner and two burner stoves, and accessories under the Jetboil brand to camping and backpacking specialty stores, sporting goods stores, internet retailers, and direct customer through website and distributors; and kayaks, canoes, personal watercraft equipment and products, and paddles for family recreation, touring, and angling through independent specialty and outdoor retailers under Old Town and Carlisle brands. The Diving segment manufactures and markets underwater diving and snorkeling equipment, such as regulators, buoyancy compensators, dive computers and gauges, wetsuits, masks, fins, snorkels, and accessories through independent specialty dive stores and diving magazines under the SCUBAPRO brand. This segment also provides regular maintenance, product repair, diving education, and travel program services; and sells diving gear to dive training centers, resorts, and public safety units through websites and internet retailers. The company was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin.