Company: Karooooo Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: KARO
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: Singapore
City: Singapore
Website: https://www.karooooo.com
Employees: 5711
Business Summary: Karooooo Ltd. provides a mobility software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform for connected vehicles in South Africa, the rest of Africa, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, and the United States. It operates through Cartrack, Carzuka, and Karooooo Logistics segments. The company offers Fleet Management, which provides real-time visibility into the asset base; LiveVision for pro-active risk management and fleet visibility; MiFleet advanced fleet administration for cost management and administration capabilities; and Karooooo Logistics, a software application for management of last-mile delivery and general operational logistics. It also provides Cartrack Field Service, a software application for management of field and on-site workers; Business Intelligence for view of fleet statistics; asset tracking for tracking and tracing moveable assets; asset recovery services that assist vehicle owners and insurance companies with the recovery of vehicles and other assets; insurance telematics that allows insurers to tailor premiums for commercial and consumer customers using analytics; Protector, a safety package for consumer vehicles; and Car Watch, a mobile application that lets users track and watch their vehicles. In addition, the company offers Bike Track, a GPS-based solution for commercial motorbike fleets; Credit Management that predicts payment cycles and facilitates active credit management for asset-based vehicle finance; an electronic monitoring services application that allows law enforcement agencies to monitor persons of interest; and mobility and monitoring solutions, such as Carzuka and Cartrack insurance agency, as well as smart IoT products. It serves consumers and sole proprietors, small and medium-sized businesses, and large enterprises. Karooooo Ltd. was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Singapore.