Company: Kustom Entertainment Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: KUST
Sector: Communication Services
Industry: Entertainment
Country: United States
City: Overland Park
Website: https://www.digitalallyinc.com
Employees: 31
Business Summary: Kustom Entertainment, Inc. produces and sells digital video imaging, storage, and disinfectant and related safety products for use in law enforcement, security, and commercial applications in the United States. It operates through three segments: Video Solutions, Revenue Cycle Management, and Entertainment. The company offers in-car digital video mirror systems for law enforcement; in-car digital video event recorder systems for commercial fleets and fleet managers; a suite of data management web-based tools to assist fleet managers in the organization, archiving, and management of videos and telematics information; commercial line of digital video products that serve as event recorders; body-worn digital video systems for law enforcement and private security; and VuLink ecosystem that provides intuitive auto-activation functionality, as well as coordination between multiple recording devices. It also provides EVO Web, a web-based software that enables police departments and security agencies to manage digital video evidence quickly and easily; FleetVu and VuLink, which are cloud-based evidence management systems; ThermoVu, a non-contact temperature-screening instrument that measures temperature through the wrist and controls entry to facilities when temperature measurements exceed pre-determined parameters; and Shield disinfectants and cleansers for applications against viruses and bacteria. In addition, the company offers working capital and back-office services, including insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, and collections to healthcare organizations; and operates TicketSmarter.com, an online ticketing marketplace for ticket sales, partnerships, and ticket resale services for live events, including concerts, sporting events, theatres, and performing arts. It serves online visitors; and medium to large healthcare organizations. The company was formerly known as Digital Ally, Inc. and changed its name to Kustom Entertainment, Inc. in January 2026. Kustom Entertainment, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas.