Company: Standard BioTools Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: LAB
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Devices
Country: United States
City: South San Francisco
Website: https://www.standardbio.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Standard BioTools Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and sells a range of instrumentation, consumables, and services to scientists and biomedical researchers to develop therapeutics in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia pacific. The company operates in two segments, Proteomics and Genomics. Its proteomics and genomics include instruments, consumables, software, and services based upon technologies used in the identification of proteins, as well as genes and their functions. The company provides SomaScan platform that enables researchers to measure proteins simultaneously and provides deep insights into biological processes and disease mechanisms; CyTOF technology platform that uses metal-tagged antibodies and time-of-flight mass spectrometry to eliminate signal interference and expand multiplexing capabilities; Hyperion, a spatial biology platform, which unlocks deeper insights into tissue organization by preserving spatial context while enabling high-dimensional molecular and proteomic analysis; and Biomark X9 system that redefines high-throughput genomics for quantitative polymerase chain reaction applications. The company sells its instruments and consumables for research use only to academic research institutions, translational research and medicine centers, cancer centers, and clinical research laboratories, as well as biopharmaceutical, biotechnology, and plant and animal research companies. It has license agreements with California Institute of Technology, Harvard University, and Caliper Life Sciences, Inc. The company was formerly known as Fluidigm Corporation and changed its name to Standard BioTools Inc. in April 2022. Standard BioTools Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, California.