Company: LifeMD Inc. 8.875% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock
Ticker: LFMDP
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Health Information Services
Country: United States
City: New York
Website: https://lifemd.com
Employees: 304
Business Summary: LifeMD, Inc. operates as a direct-to-patient telehealth company that connects consumers to healthcare professionals for medical care in the United States. The company operates through two operating segments: Telehealth and WorkSimpli. The company offers telehealth platform comprising RexMD, a men's telehealth brand that provides access to virtual medical treatment for a variety of men's health needs, including erectile dysfunction, premature ejaculation, and hair loss; ShapiroMD that provides virtual medical treatment, prescription medications, patented doctor formulated OTC products, topical compounded medications, and medical devices treating male and female hair loss; and Cleared which provides personalized treatments for allergy, asthma and immunology. It also provides LifeMD PC, a virtual primary care and telehealth service which is a provider for their primary care, urgent care, and chronic care needs; and offers virtual medical care, including on-demand consultations and treatment, prescription medications, diagnostics and imaging, wellness coaching, integration with in-home tools, and more. In addition, the company offers PDFSimpli, an online software as a service platform that allows users to create, edit, convert, sign, and share PDF documents; ResumeBuild which provides digital resume and cover letter services; SignSimpli, a digital signature platform; and LegalSimpli, a provider of legal forms for consumers and small businesses. Further, it offers GLP-1 for weight management and in-home health monitoring devices. It sells its products directly to consumers and through e-commerce platforms, as well as through third party partner channels. The company was formerly known as Conversion Labs, Inc. and changed its name to LifeMD, Inc. in February 2021. LifeMD, Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in New York, New York.