Company: Littelfuse Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: LFUS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Electronic Components
Country: United States
City: Rosemont
Website: https://www.littelfuse.com
Employees: 17000
Business Summary: Littelfuse, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells electronic components, modules, and subassemblies. It operates through three segments: Electronics, Transportation, and Industrial. Its Electronics segment offers fuses and fuse accessories, coefficient resettable fuses, switches and interconnect solutions, polymer electrostatic discharge suppressors, varistors, reed switch based magnetic sensing, and gas discharge tubes; and discrete transient voltage suppressor diodes, TVS diode arrays, protection and switching thyristors, silicon and silicon carbide metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistors and diodes, and insulated gate bipolar transistors. This segment serves data center computing and communications infrastructure, industrial controls, building controls, aerospace and defense, appliances, consumer electronics solutions, healthcare solutions, industrial equipment, energy storage, diversified industrials, grid and utility infrastructure, passenger vehicles, and commercial vehicles. Its Transportation segment provides blade, resettable, high-current, and high-voltage fuses; battery cable protectors; circuit breakers, and power distribution modules; and sensor products. This segment serves heavy-duty truck and bus, construction, agriculture, off-road and recreational vehicles, material handling, passenger and commercial vehicles, and marine markets. Its Industrial segment offers industrial fuses, protection relays, contactors, transformers, residual current devices and monitors, ground fault circuit interrupters, arc fault detection devices, solid state switches, and temperature sensors for use in renewable energy and energy storage systems, electric vehicle infrastructure, HVAC systems, industrial safety, non-residential construction, MRO, mining, and factory automation applications. It sells its products through distributors, direct sales force, and manufacturers' representatives. The company was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.