Company: Live Ventures Incorporated Common Stock
Ticker: LIVE
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Home Improvement Retail
Country: United States
City: Las Vegas
Website: https://www.liveventures.com
Employees: 1366
Business Summary: Live Ventures Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the flooring and steel manufacturing, and retail businesses in the United States. It operates in five segments: Retail-Entertainment, Retail-Flooring, Flooring Manufacturing, Steel Manufacturing, and Corporate and Other. The Retail-Entertainment segment provides a selection of entertainment products, including new and pre-owned movies, video games, and music products, as well as ancillary products, such as books, comics, toys, and collectibles. This segment also offers services to customers, such as rentals, special orders, disc, video game hardware repair, and other services. The Retail-Flooring segment retails and installs flooring, carpeting, and countertops to consumers, builders, and contractors. The Steel Manufacturing segment manufactures pre-finished de-carb free tool and die steel comprising deluxe alloy plate, deluxe tool steel plate, precision ground flat stock, and drill rod; industrial knives and hardened wear products for the tissue, metals, and wood industries, as well as for in-house grinding, machining, and heat-treating; manufactures and supplies engineered parts and components to various industries, such as appliance, automotive, hardware, electrical, electronic, medical products, and devices; and offers specialized fabricated metal products, including cable racks, auxiliary framing, hardware, insulation products, and network bays. It serves steel distributors and steel service centers. The Flooring Manufacturing segment manufactures and distributes carpets and rugs, yarn, and hard-surface flooring products focusing on the residential, niche commercial, and hospitality end-markets. This segment serves flooring dealers, home centers, other flooring manufacturers, and directly to commercial end-users. The Corporate and Other segment provides product and service for new customers. Live Ventures Incorporated was incorporated in 1968 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.