Company: Lantronix Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: LTRX
Sector: Technology
Industry: Communication Equipment
Country: United States
City: Irvine
Website: https://www.lantronix.com
Employees: 351
Business Summary: Lantronix, Inc. develops, markets, and sells industrial and enterprise internet of things (IoT) products and services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific Japan. The company's embedded IoT solutions provides embedded products, including compute system-on-module and system-in-package solutions; and IoT compute products which offers application processing solutions for data transformation, computer vision, machine learning, augmented/virtual reality, and custom applications, as well as software tools for industrial automation, automotive systems, and smart city infrastructure. It also provides IoT Systems Solutions, which include wired and wireless connections which enhances modern electronic systems and equipment by providing secure network connectivity, power for IoT end devices through power over ethernet (PoE), application hosting, protocol conversion, media conversion, secure access for distributed IoT deployments, and other functions; PoE products for support of remote devices, such as camera and wireless access points; smart tracking devices; and advanced out-of-band products, including console and power management, and IP-connected keyboard-video-mouse. In addition, the company offers a SaaS platform that enables customers to deploy, monitor, manage, and automate deployments; multitenancy functionality for support of customer separation and data security; and multidisciplinary engineering services for IoT product development, including hardware, software, mechanical engineering, rapid prototyping, and quality assurance. The company has a strategic partnership with Safe Pro Group Inc. to develop AI-powered edge compute solutions for defense and autonomous systems. Lantronix, Inc. was incorporated in 1989 and is based in Irvine, California.