Company: Mobileye Global Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: MBLY
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Auto Parts
Country: Israel
City: Jerusalem
Website: https://www.mobileye.com
Employees: 4200
Business Summary: Mobileye Global Inc. develops and deploys advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving technologies and solutions in the United States, Europe, China, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Mobileye and Moovit. It offers end-to-end ADAS and autonomous driving solutions, including Base ADAS, a front camera that delivers a combination of intelligent safety features to avoid unsafe driving situations; Cloud-Enhanced ADAS, which leverages crowdsourced data to offer accurate localization; safer, smoother, and natural driving experience; and Mobileye Surround ADAS that offer eyes-on/hands-off functionality for highway ODDs with features, such as automatic lane change, front and rear collision avoidance, traffic jam assist, and a Highway Pilot function, as well as includes DXP support that enables customers to customize the driving experience. It also provides Mobileye SuperVision, a eyes-on/hands-off driver assist system for autonomous vehicles; Mobileye Chauffeur, an eyes-off/hands-off solution for consumer vehicles; and Mobileye Drive, a fleet-focused end-to-end self-driving system that enables automakers, public transportation companies, and transportation network operators to offer a no-driver solution for robotaxis, ride-pooling, public transport, and goods delivery. In addition, it offers EyeQ SoC that provide drivers with basic safety features covered by front-facing sensing, such as collision warning, lane departure warnings, pedestrian and cyclist collision warning, headway monitoring and warning, speed limit indicator, blind spot detection, and others; True Redundancy, which is an AI system architecture; and Road Experience Management solutions. It provides its products and services to original equipment manufacturers through automotive suppliers, as well as fleet owners and operators. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel. Mobileye Global Inc. is a subsidiary of Intel Corporation.