Company: Medline Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: MDLN
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Instruments & Supplies
Country: United States
City: Northfield
Website: https://www.medline.com
Employees: 45000
Business Summary: Medline Inc. manufactures med-surg products serving the hospital, surgery centers, physician offices, post-acute facilities, and nursing home sites of care in the United States and Internationally. It operates through two segments: Medline Brand and Supply Chain Solutions. The Medline Brand segment procures and manufactures products from three product categories include surgical solutions, front line care, and laboratory and diagnostics. Its front line care offers med-surg products for patient-facing needs, including wound care products, exam gloves, skin care and incontinence products, environment cleaning supplies, textiles, hand sanitizer, durable medical equipment, patient plastics, and decolonization and infection control products. Its surgical solutions provide operating room and perioperative environment product solutions, including surgical procedure trays, drapes and gowns, personal protective equipment, sterile wraps, surgical instruments, surgeon's gloves, procedure kits, and orthopedic implants. Its laboratory and diagnostics offer laboratory and diagnostic product solutions, including point of care testing, analyzers and instrumentation, lab and diagnostic consumables, diagnostic instruments, vital signs monitors, and anatomic pathology and phlebotomy products. It provides its products to domestic and international consumers. The Supply Chain Solutions segment procures and distributes a variety of third-party products from national brands. It provides logistics and supply chain optimization services to domestic and international consumers. It also provides supply chain optimization services, such as consulting engagements, outsourced warehouse and technology management, put-away-ready packaging, third-party logistics, inventory rationalization, and route planning. The company was founded in 1966 and is based in Northfield, Illinois.