Company: Merit Medical Systems Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: MMSI
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Instruments & Supplies
Country: United States
City: South Jordan
Website: https://www.merit.com
Employees: 7500
Business Summary: Merit Medical Systems, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets single-use medical products for interventional, diagnostic, and therapeutic procedures in the United States, China, Japan, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Cardiovascular and Endoscopy. The company offers micropuncture kits, angiographic needles, sheaths, guide wires, and safety products; peripheral intervention products comprising angiography, drainage, delivery systems, and embolotherapy products; oncology products, such as soft tissue biopsy products and accessories; cardiac intervention products consisting of cardiac access, angiography, electrophysiology and cardiac rhythm management, fluid management, hemodynamic monitoring, hemostasis, and intervention products; and spine products, including vertebral augmentation, radiofrequency ablation, and bone biopsy systems. It also provides custom procedural solutions, including critical care products, syringes, manifold kits, and trays and packs; coating services for medical tubes and wires; and sensor components for microelectromechanical systems. In addition, the company offers gastroenterology products, such as esophageal stents, cryoballoon and inflation devices, gauges, and balloon dilators; pulmonary products consisting of laser-cut tracheobronchial stents, and over-the-wire and direct visualization delivery systems; and kits and accessories for endoscopy and bronchoscopy procedures. It sells its products to hospitals, alternate site-based physicians, technicians, and nurses through direct sales force, independent distributors, original equipment manufacturer partners, and custom procedure tray manufacturers. The company exports its products to Canada, Western Europe, Australia, Brazil, Malaysia, South Korea, the United Arab Emirates, India, New Zealand, and South Africa. Merit Medical Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in South Jordan, Utah.