Company: NBT Bancorp Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: NBTB
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional
Country: United States
City: Norwich
Website: https://www.nbtbancorp.com
Employees: 2303
Business Summary: NBT Bancorp Inc., a financial holding company, provides personal and commercial banking, retail banking, and wealth management services in the United States. It operates through Banking, Retirement Plan Administration, and All Other segments. The company offers demand deposit, savings, interest-bearing checking, money market deposit, and certificate of deposit accounts; and indirect and direct consumer loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, residential mortgages, business banking loans, commercial and industrial loans, agricultural loans, commercial construction loans, commercial real estate loans, indirect auto loans, and other consumer loans, as well as agricultural lending, personal lines of credit, overdraft protection, and second mortgage loans. It also provides trust and investment services; financial planning and life insurance services; and retirement plan and health savings account recordkeeping and administration, and actuarial services. In addition, the company offers insurance products, such as personal property and casualty, business liability, and commercial insurance; and other products and services through a network of ATM locations and 24-hour online, mobile, and telephone channels that enable customers to check balances, make deposits, transfer funds, pay bills, access statements, apply for loans, and access various other products and services. Further, it operates as a property management and passive investment company, as well as investment advisor that provides investment management and financial consulting services. The company serves retail, commercial, and municipal customers. It operates in upstate New York, northeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Hampshire, western Massachusetts, Vermont, southern Maine, and central and northwestern Connecticut. NBT Bancorp Inc. was founded in 1856 and is headquartered in Norwich, New York.