Company: NICE Ltd American Depositary Shares
Ticker: NICE
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: Israel
City: Ra'anana
Website: https://www.nice.com
Employees: 9626
Business Summary: NICE Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides AI-powered cloud platforms for customer engagement, and financial crime and compliance in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Customer Engagement; and Financial Crime and Compliance. The Customer Engagement segment provides CXone Mpower platform for organizations to automate service, augment the workforce with AI-powered solutions, and unify enterprise knowledge, data and AI models resolutions, and customer experiences. The Financial Crime and Compliance segment offers embedded-AI solutions that identify risks and help prevent money laundering and fraud, as well as help ensure financial markets compliance in real-time. It also provides NICE Evidencentral, a digital evidence management and investigation platform for criminal justice system. In addition, the company offers NiCE Actimize provides cloud platforms embedded with AI capabilities for real-time and cross-channel fraud prevention, know-your-customer, anti-money laundering, and capital markets compliance; X-Sight, an open AI-cloud platform for Financial Crime and Compliance, enabling financial services organizations; Xceed which provides AI, data intelligence, machine learning, and insights for AML and fraud prevention for small and mid-sized organizations; cloud platforms provide financial services organizations with the agility required to adapt changing regulatory and threat landscapes; data intelligence solutions enable organizations to turn raw data into actionable intelligence to prevent and detect financial crimes; AI and analytics; intelligent investigations solutions; and self-service solutions. The company was formerly known as NICE-Systems Ltd. and changed its name to NICE Ltd. in June 2016. NICE Ltd. was incorporated in 1986 and is headquartered in Ra'anana, Israel.