Company: Newmark Group Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: NMRK
Sector: Real Estate
Industry: Real Estate Services
Country: United States
City: New York
Website: https://www.nmrk.com
Employees: 8800
Business Summary: Newmark Group, Inc. operates as a commercial real estate advisor and service provider in the United States, the United Kingdom, Asia, rest of Europe, and other Americas. The company offers capital markets services consisting of investment sales, including placement and raising of equity; and commercial mortgage brokerage, such as government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) and federal housing administration (FHA) lending, as well as the placement of debt, loan sales, and structured finance on behalf of third parties. It also provides landlord or agency representation leasing; GSEs and FHA multifamily loan servicing, as well as limited loan servicing, special loan servicing, and asset management; management consulting, managed services, and fund accounting for investors; valuation and advisory services; property management and workspace solutions for owners; due diligence, consulting, and other advisory services; commercial real estate technology platform and capabilities; and business rates for property owners. In addition, the company offers tenant representation leasing; occupier solutions comprising project management, transaction management, lease administration, and facilities management, as well as corporate consulting services to real estate and supply chain optimization, workplace strategy, and occupancy strategy areas; workspace solutions for occupiers; and business rates for occupiers. It serves commercial real estate tenants, investors, owners, occupiers, and developers, lenders, small and medium size businesses, multi-national corporations, and institutional owners of real estate. The company was formerly known as Newmark Grubb Knight Frank Capital Group and changed its name to Newmark Group, Inc. in October 2017. Newmark Group, Inc. was founded in 1929 and is based in New York, New York. Newmark Group, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P.