Company: Northrim BanCorp Inc Common Stock
Ticker: NRIM
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional
Country: United States
City: Anchorage
Website: https://www.northrim.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Northrim BanCorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Northrim Bank that provides commercial banking products and services to businesses and professional individuals. The company operates through three segments: Community Banking, Home Mortgage Lending, and Specialty Finance. It offers noninterest-bearing checking accounts and interest-bearing time deposits, checking and savings accounts, individual retirement and money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, and business sweep accounts. The company also provides short and medium-term commercial loans, commercial credit lines, construction and real estate loans, and consumer loans, as well as short and medium-term working capital. In addition, it offers consumer and business online banking, mobile app, and mobile deposits; and debit and credit cards. Further, the company provides mobile web and app banking, consumer online account opening, personal finance, online documents, consumer debit cards, business debit cards, my rewards for consumer debit cards, retail lockbox services, card control, corporate purchase cards, integrated payables, home equity advantage access cards, telebanking, and automated teller services. Additionally, it offers personalized checks at account opening, overdraft protection from a savings account, commercial drive-up banking, automatic transfer and payment, external transfer, bill pay, wire transfer, direct payroll deposit, electronic tax payment, automated clearing house origination and receipt, remote deposit capture, account reconciliation and positive pay, merchant, cash management, annuity, and long-term investment portfolio products and services. The company also provides investment advisory, trust, wealth management, factoring, and mortgage services. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska.