Company: Northern Trust Corporation Common Stock
Ticker: NTRS
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Asset Management
Country: United States
City: Chicago
Website: https://www.northerntrust.com
Employees: 23800
Business Summary: Northern Trust Corporation, a financial holding company, provides wealth management, asset servicing, asset management, and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families, and individuals. It operates in two segments, Asset Servicing and Wealth Management. The Asset Servicing segment offers asset servicing and related services, including custody, fund administration, investment operations outsourcing, investment management, investment risk and analytical, employee benefit, securities lending, foreign exchange, treasury management, brokerage, transition management, banking, and cash management services. It serves corporate and public retirement funds, foundations, endowments, fund managers, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors. The Wealth Management segment offers trust, investment management, custody, and philanthropic; financial consulting; guardianship and estate administration; family business consulting; family financial education; brokerage; and private and business banking services. This segment also provides global custody; fiduciary; family office consulting; and technology solutions to high-net-worth individuals and families, business owners, executives, professionals, retirees, and established privately-held businesses. In addition, it offers asset management, and related services and other products comprising active and passive equity; active and passive fixed income; cash management; muti-asset and alternative asset classes which includes private equity and hedge funds of funds; and multi-manager advisory services and products through separately managed accounts, bank common and collective funds, registered investment companies, exchange traded funds, non-U.S. collective investment funds, and unregistered private investment funds. Further, the company provides overlay and other risk management services. The company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.