Company: NWPX Infrastructure Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: NWPX
Sector: Basic Materials
Industry: Steel
Country: United States
City: Vancouver
Website: https://www.nwpx.com
Employees: 1318
Business Summary: NWPX Infrastructure, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells water-related infrastructure products in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments, Water Transmission Systems (WTS); and Precast Infrastructure and Engineered Systems (Precast). The WTS segment manufactures large-diameter, high-pressure steel pipeline systems for use in water infrastructure applications, which are primarily related to drinking water systems. Its products are also used for hydroelectric power systems, wastewater systems, seismic resiliency, and other applications. Its products are also used for hydroelectric power systems, wastewater systems, seismic resiliency, and other applications. The Precast segment offers stormwater and wastewater technology products, precast, and reinforced concrete products, including reinforced concrete pipe, manholes, box culverts, vaults and catch basins, pump lift stations, oil water separators, biofiltration units, and other environmental and engineered solutions. It provides its products under the NWPX Geneva and NWPX Park brand names; and manufactures engineered water transmission systems and produces steel casing pipe, bar-wrapped concrete cylinder pipe, and pipeline system joints and fittings under the Northwest Pipe Company brand. In addition, the company provides solution-based products for various markets, including reinforced precast concrete products, lined precast sanitary sewer system structures, water distribution and management equipment including pump lift stations, wastewater pretreatment, and stormwater quality products. Further, it sells water infrastructure products to installation contractors. The company was formerly known as Northwest Pipe Company and changed its name to NWPX Infrastructure, Inc. in June 2025. NWPX Infrastructure, Inc. was incorporated in 1966 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Washington.