Company: Orthofix Medical Inc. Common Stock (DE)
Ticker: OFIX
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Devices
Country: United States
City: Lewisville
Website: https://orthofix.com
Employees: 1605
Business Summary: Orthofix Medical Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a medical technology company in the United States, Italy, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Brazil, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Global Spine and Global Limb Reconstruction. The Global Spine segment manufactures, distributes, and provides support services for bone growth stimulation devices that enhance bone fusion; designs, develops, and markets a portfolio of spine fixation implant products for use throughout the spinal column; and offers bone graft substitutes, such as fiber-based and particulate demineralized bone matrices, cellular bone allografts, collagen ceramic matrices, and synthetic bone void fillers in various forms with supporting graft delivery solutions to treat various spinal, orthopedic, and dental conditions. This segment also designs, develops, and markets a portfolio of navigation technologies, including tracked surgical tools, intelligent software, and imaging equipment based on machine-vision and optical innovations; and 7D FLASH Navigation System, a navigation platform for spinal and cranial procedures. The Global Limb Reconstruction segment offers products and solutions for the underserved limb reconstruction market, including deformity correction, limb lengthening, complex fracture management, and limb preservation. This segment also designs, develops, and markets external and internal fixation limb reconstruction products that are coupled with enabling digital technologies to support the entire patient care continuum. It sells its products through distributors and sales representatives to hospitals, healthcare organizations, healthcare providers, ambulatory surgery centers, and out-patient hospitals. The company was formerly known as Orthofix International N.V. and changed its name to Orthofix Medical Inc. in July 2018. Orthofix Medical Inc. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Lewisville, Texas.