Company: OneSpan Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: OSPN
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: United States
City: Boston
Website: https://www.onespan.com
Employees: 602
Business Summary: OneSpan Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides digital solutions for security, authentication, identity, electronic signature, and digital workflow products in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific regions. It operates through Cybersecurity and Digital Agreements segments. The company offers Cloud Authentication, a cloud-based multifactor authentication solution that supports various authentication options, including biometrics, push notification, and visual cryptograms for transaction data security, SMS, and hardware authenticators; Mobile Security Suite, a software development kit that protects mobile transactions; Mobile Application Shielding that protects mobile applications from attacks by malware allowing secure usage of mobile applications even in hostile environments; and authentication servers that provides various authentication utilities and solutions designed to allow organizations to securely authenticate users and transactions. The company also provides Authentication Suite, a solution to protect organizations from cyber threats; Digipass Authenticators, consisting of various authentication devices; and Digipass S3 Authentication software, an authentication platform designed to enable passwordless and phishing-resistant authentication across web and mobile applications. It also provides OneSpan Sign, a range of e-signature requirements for occasional agreement to processing tens of thousands of transactions; OneSpan Notary, an online notary solution developed for organizations with in-house notaries; OneSpan Sign Identity Verification that enables banks and financial institutions identity verification services; Onespan Sign Authentication, a configurable authentication option that provides methods to verify both senders and signers by adding layers of security to e-signature transactions; and OneSpan Integration Platform, a platform that enables organizations to easily integrate e-signatures powered by OneSpan Sign into well-known applications, such as Salesforce, SharePoint, and Guidewire. It sells its solutions through its direct sales force, distributors, resellers, systems integrators, and original equipment manufacturers. The company was formerly known as VASCO Data Security International, Inc. and changed its name to OneSpan Inc. in August 1997. OneSpan Inc. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.