Company: Phibro Animal Health Corporation Class A Common Stock
Ticker: PAHC
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
Country: United States
City: Teaneck
Website: https://www.pahc.com
Employees: 2475
Business Summary: Phibro Animal Health Corporation operates as an animal health and mineral nutrition company in the United States, Latin America and Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Animal Health, Mineral Nutrition, and Performance Products. The company develops, manufactures, and markets various products for food and companion animals including poultry, swine, beef and dairy cattle, aquaculture, and dogs. It also offers animal health products, such as antibacterials, anticoccidials, nutritional specialty, and vaccines and vaccine adjuvants for animal's health and performance, food safety, and animal welfare; and engages in developing, manufacturing, and marketing of microbial and bioproducts for various applications serving animal health and nutrition, environmental, industrial, and agricultural customers. In addition, the company develops, manufactures, and markets conventionally licensed and autogenous vaccine products, as well as adjuvants for animal vaccine manufacturers. Further, it provides formulations and concentrations of trace minerals, such as zinc, copper, manganese, iron, and other compounds to fortify the daily feed requirements of their livestock's diets and maintain optimal balance of trace elements in animals. Additionally, the company offers specialty ingredients for use in personal care, industrial chemical, and chemical catalyst industries. It sells its animal health and mineral nutrition products through local sales offices to integrated poultry, swine, and cattle producers, as well as through commercial animal feed manufacturers, wholesalers, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Philipp Brothers Chemicals, Inc. and changed its name to Phibro Animal Health Corporation in July 2003. Phibro Animal Health Corporation was incorporated in 1946 and is headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey.