Company: Patrick Industries Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: PATK
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Recreational Vehicles
Country: United States
City: Elkhart
Website: https://www.patrickind.com
Employees: 10000
Business Summary: Patrick Industries, Inc. manufactures and distributes component products and materials for the recreational vehicle, marine, powersports, manufactured housing, and industrial markets in the United States, Mexico, China, and Canada. The company operates through Manufacturing and Distribution segments. Its Manufacturing segment manufactures and sells laminated products for furniture, shelving, wall, countertop, and cabinet products; cabinet doors, fiberglass bath fixtures, and tile systems; vinyl printing, amplifiers, tower speakers, soundbars, and subwoofers; solid surface, granite, and quartz countertop fabrication; aluminum products; fiberglass and plastic components; decorative vinyl and paper laminated panels; softwoods lumber; custom cabinetry; polymer-based and other flooring products; and dash panels. This segment also provides wrapped vinyl, paper, and hardwood profile mouldings; interior passage doors; air handling products; slide-out trim and fascia; treated, untreated, and laminated plywood; fiberglass and plastic helm systems and components; boat towers, tops, trailers, and frames; adhesives and sealants; thermoformed shower surrounds; specialty bath, and closet building products; wiring and wire harnesses; aluminum and plastic fuel tanks; CNC molds, composite parts, and marine hardware and accessories; slotwall panels and components; and other products. The company's Distribution segment distributes pre-finished wall and ceiling panels, drywall and finishing products, electronic and audio system components, appliances, and marine accessories; wiring, electrical, and plumbing products; fiber reinforced polyester products; and cement siding, raw and processed lumber, interior passage, roofing, laminate, and ceramic flooring products, shower doors, furniture, fireplaces and surrounds, interior and exterior lighting products, and other products. This segment also offers transportation and logistics services. Patrick Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1959 and is based in Elkhart, Indiana.