Company: Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. Common Stock
Ticker: PKOH
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Specialty Industrial Machinery
Country: United States
City: Cleveland
Website: https://pkoh.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. provides supply chain management outsourcing services, capital equipment, and manufactured components in the United States, Europe, Asia, Mexico, Canada, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Supply Technologies, Assembly Components, and Engineered Products. The Supply Technologies segment offers Total Supply Management, a solution that manages aspects of supplying production parts and materials, such as engineering and design support, part usage and cost analysis, supplier selection, quality assurance, bar coding, product packaging and tracking, just-in-time and point-of-use delivery, electronic billing services, and ongoing technical support. This segment also provides production components including valves, fuel hose assemblies, electro-mechanical hardware, labels, fittings, and steering components; and precision cold-formed and cold-extruded fasteners, and locknuts, as well as nuts, bolts, and wheel hardware under the SPAC brand. The Assembly Components segment offers high pressure direct fuel injection fuel rails and pipes; fuel filler pipes; plastic and rubber assemblies; Turbo Charging and Turbo Coolant hoses; and value-added services such as design engineering, machining, and parts assembly. The Engineered Products segment provides induction heating and melting systems, pipe threading systems, and forged and machined products for the ferrous and non-ferrous metals, silicon, coatings, forging, foundry, automotive, and construction equipment industries; and field services. This segment also engineers and installs mechanical forging presses; sells spare parts; machine, induction harden, and surface finish crankshafts and camshafts for use in locomotives; and forge aerospace and defense structural components comprising landing gears and struts, and railcar center plate and draft lug rail products. Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. was founded in 1907 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.