Company: ePlus inc. Common Stock
Ticker: PLUS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: Herndon
Website: https://www.eplus.com
Employees: 2199
Business Summary: ePlus inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides information technology (IT) solutions that enable organizations to optimize IT environment and supply chain processes in the United States and internationally. The company sells third-party hardware, perpetual and subscription software, and maintenance; and software assurance and other third-party services. It also offers professional services, such as staff augmentation, project management, cloud consulting, Al advisory, consulting, security and collaboration solution, warehouse, configuration, and logistic service, as well as in the spaces of digital signage, EV charging solution, loss prevention and security, store opening, remodel, and store closing; and managed services comprising enhanced maintenance support or ePlus Lifecycle-Services Support, service desk, storage-as-a-service, azure recover, cloud managed, and managed security service, as well as managed service for infrastructure and cloud. In addition, the company offers financing arrangements, including sales-type and operating leases, loan, and consumption-based financing arrangement, as well as underwriting and management, and disposal of IT equipment and assets; and financing operations, such as sales, pricing, credit, contract, accounting, risk management, and asset management. Further, it finances IT equipment, communication-related equipment, medical equipment, industrial machinery and equipment, office furniture and general office equipment, transportation equipment, and other general business equipment; and provides financing solutions, including front-end processing, lifecycle and asset ownership, and end-of-life services. The company serves telecom, media and entertainment, technology, state and local government, educational institutions, healthcare, and financial services. The company was formerly known as MLC Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to ePlus inc. in 1999. ePlus inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Herndon, Virginia.