Company: Primech Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: PMEC
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Specialty Business Services
Country: Singapore
City: Singapore
Website: https://www.primechholdings.com
Employees: 2806
Business Summary: Primech Holdings Ltd. provides facilities and stewarding services for the public and private sectors in Singapore. The company offers conservancy areas cleaning services, including daily cleaning of common areas within town councils, monthly block washing, and quarterly fogging of bin chutes; educational institutions cleaning services, such as cleaning of schools; airport cleaning services; cleaning of hotels, public spaces and roads, condominium common areas and facilities, offices, industrial areas, and retail stores; and marble polishing services, external façade cleaning for exteriors of buildings, and stewarding and clean room cleaning services. It also provides waste management services, such as the collection, transportation, and disposal of general waste, and sorting of waste for recycling, as well as pest control services comprising the remediation and prevention of infestations of rodents, insects, birds, and other pests. In addition, the company offers horticultural maintenance services, such as weeding, fertilizing, mowing, and irrigation; stewarding services, including cleaning of kitchen equipment and dishwashing, room attendant services, and public area cleaning services to healthcare facilities, hotels and other hospitality venues, and restaurants; and cleaning services to offices. Further, it operates HomeHelpy, an online portal that allows individual customers to book cleaning services in homes and offices; and manufactures and sells cleaning supplies, such as hand soaps, hand soap dispensers, cleaning fluids, and garbage bags used for general, floor, carpet, restroom, or kitchen purposes, as well as treatment products used in the marine industry under the D'Bond brand name. The company was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in Singapore. Primech Holdings Ltd. is a subsidiary of Sapphire Universe Holdings Limited.