Company: Power Solutions International Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: PSIX
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Specialty Industrial Machinery
Country: United States
City: Wood Dale
Website: https://psiengines.com
Employees: 1000
Business Summary: Power Solutions International, Inc. designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, and sells engines and power systems in the United States, the rest of North America, the Pacific Rim, Europe, and internationally. The company offers basic engine blocks integrated with fuel system parts, as well as completely packaged power systems, that include combinations of front accessory drives, cooling systems, electronic systems, air intake systems, fuel systems, housings, power takeoff systems, exhaust systems, hydraulic systems, enclosures, brackets, hoses, tubes, packaging, telematics, and other assembled componentry. It also designs and manufactures large, custom-engineered integrated electrical power generation systems for standby and prime power applications; sells emission-certified compression ignition and spark-ignition internal combustion engines; designs and fabricates power system enclosures; and sources electrification components. In addition, the company provides mobile and stationary gensets for emergency standby, rental, prime power, demand response, microgrid, oil and gas, data center, renewable energy resiliency, and combined heat and power; forklifts, wood chippers, stump grinders, sweepers/industrial scrubbers, aerial lift platforms/scissor lifts, irrigation pumps, oil and gas compression, oil lifts, off road utility vehicles, ground support equipment, ice resurfacing equipment, pump jacks, and battery packs; vocational trucks and vans, school buses, transit buses, and terminal and utility tractors; and internal aftermarket and OEM-developed service parts programs. It serves original equipment manufacturers and end-user customers across the power systems, industrial, and transportation end-markets; and large and multinational organizations. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Wood Dale, Illinois. Power Solutions International, Inc. is a subsidiary of Weichai America Corp.