Company: PTC Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: PTC
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: Boston
Website: https://www.ptc.com
Employees: 7000
Business Summary: PTC Inc. operates as software company in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company provides Windchill, a suite that manages all aspects of the product development lifecycle(PLM) that provides real-time information sharing, dynamic data visualization, collaborate across geographically distributed teams, and enabling manufacturers to elevate product development, manufacturing, field service, and end-of-life processes; ThingWorx, an Industrial Internet of Things software; ServiceMax, a service lifecycle management solutions enable companies to asset uptime with optimized in-person and remote service and technician productivity with mobile tools, and deliver metrics; and Arena, a SaaS PLM solution enables product teams to collaborate virtually to share product and quality information with internal teams and supply chain partners and deliver products to customers. It offers Codebeamer, an application lifecycle management for products and software development; Servigistics, a service parts management solution; and FlexPLM, a platform for merchandising and line planning, materials management, sampling, and others. In addition, it offers Kepware, an enterprise industrial connectivity solution; Kepware Edge, a Linux-based industrial communications platform; KEPServerEX, an industrial connectivity solution for small projects; Creo, a 3D CAD technology enables the digital design, testing, and modification of product models; and Onshape, a SaaS product development platform that delivers computer-aided design with data management, collaboration tools, and real-time analytics. Further, it offers Vuforia, an augmented reality (AR) software; and Arbortext, a dynamic publishing solution streamlines how organizations create, manage, and publish technical documentation. Additionally, the company provides PTC Products; PTC Mathcad; and augmented reality product. PTC Inc. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.