Company: Quantum Corporation Common Stock
Ticker: QMCO
Sector: Technology
Industry: Computer Hardware
Country: United States
City: Centennial
Website: https://www.quantum.com
Employees: 635
Business Summary: Quantum Corporation provides products for storing and managing digital video and unstructured data in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers Myriad All-Flash File and Object Storage for enterprise unstructured data applications such as AI, machine learning, and data analytics; Unified Surveillance Platform Software that unified compute and storage for video surveillance recording, storage, and analytics; StorNext Hybrid Flash/Disk File Storage Software for video editing, post-production, and streaming applications, as well as digital file archives; and CatDV Asset Management Software for indexing, cataloging, AI data, and workflow. It also provides ActiveScale Object Storage Software, a scalable and durable storage; DXi Backup Appliances to build backup appliances for backup and recovery and multisite data protection; and Scalar Tape Storage that secure storage for long term data archiving and offline data protection which are used by hyperscalers and enterprises. In addition, the company sells standalone linear-tape open tape drives for small business data protection and archiving; and linear-tape open media for use in tape storage systems. Further, it offers global support, customer support agreements, software subscriptions, installation, education, and consulting and training services; and Quantum-as-a-Service. Additionally, the company offers cloud-based analytics, standard plans, professional, managed, and storage-as-a-service. The company sells its products through a network of distributors, value-added resellers, direct marketing resellers, original equipment manufacturers, and other suppliers, as well as directly to corporate entities and government agencies. The company has a strategic partnership with Entanglement, Inc. to advance quantum logic, post-quantum security, and data sovereignty. Quantum Corporation was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Centennial, Colorado.