Company: Richardson Electronics Ltd. Common Stock
Ticker: RELL
Sector: Technology
Industry: Electronic Components
Country: United States
City: LaFox
Website: https://www.rell.com
Employees: 396
Business Summary: Richardson Electronics, Ltd. provides engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tube, and related consumables in North America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. The company's Power and Microwave Technologies segment manufactures electron tubes and radio frequency (RF), microwave and power components used in semiconductor manufacturing equipment, RF, and wireless and industrial power applications, as well as various applications, including broadcast transmission, CO2 laser cutting, diagnostic imaging, dielectric and induction heating, energy transfer, high voltage switching, plasma, power conversion, radar, and radiation oncology. This segment also provides thyratrons and rectifiers, power tubes, ignitrons, magnetrons, phototubes, microwave generators, ultracapacitor modules, and liquid crystal display monitors under the Amperex, Cetron, and National brands. Its Green Energy Solutions segment operates as a designer, manufacturer, technology partner, and distributor of products for green energy applications, such as wind, solar, hydrogen, and electric vehicles; and other power management applications that support green solutions comprising synthetic diamond manufacturing. The company's Canvys segment provides custom display solutions consisting of touch screens, protective panels, custom enclosures, all-in-one computers, specialized cabinet finishes and application-specific software packages, and certification. Its Healthcare segment offers diagnostic imaging replacement parts for CT and MRI systems, replacement CT and MRI tubes, CT service training, MRI and RF amplifiers, hydrogen thyratrons, klystrons, flat panel detector upgrades, pre-owned CT systems, and replacement solutions for the healthcare market. The company serves energy, healthcare, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific, and semiconductor markets. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in LaFox, Illinois.