Company: Repligen Corporation Common Stock
Ticker: RGEN
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Instruments & Supplies
Country: United States
City: Waltham
Website: https://www.repligen.com
Employees: 2000
Business Summary: Repligen Corporation, a life sciences company, develops and commercializes bioprocessing technologies and systems in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company's products include hollow fiber consumables, KRM chromatography system, resins for new modalities, PATsmart MAVERICK and PATsmart MAVEN for real-time monitoring and control of critical bioprocess parameters, PATsmart REBEL, an at-line cell culture media analyzer; and PATsmart ZipChip, a high-resolution sample separations device, PATsmart SoloVPE slope spectroscopy system, and SoloVPE PLUS System. It offers Protien A ligands that are the binding components of Protein A affinity chromatography resins; and cell culture growth factor products. The company also provides chromatography products, including OPUS pre-packed chromatography columns, which are used in the purification and quality control of biological drugs, as well as ELISA test kits. In addition, it offers filtration products, such as XCell ATF Cell Retention Systems that are filtration devices used in upstream perfusion and cell culture processing; TangenX flat sheet cassettes, which are used in downstream biologic drug concentration, buffer exchange, and formulation processes; KrosFlo tangential flow filtration and tangential flow depth filtration systems; and ProConnex TFDF flow paths. Further, it provides process analytics products, such as slope spectroscopy systems. The company offers its products under the OPUS, XCell, XCell ATF, TFDF, KrosFlo, SIUS, ProConnex, Spectra/Por, NGL-Impact, SoloVPE, FlowVPE, RPM, XO, Metenova MixOne, and AVIPure and FlowVPX brands. The company sells its products to life sciences, biopharmaceutical, and diagnostics companies; laboratory researchers; and contract manufacturing organizations. Repligen Corporation has a collaboration agreement with Navigo Proteins GmbH to develop multiple affinity ligands. The company was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts.