Company: BRC Group Holdings Inc. Depositary Shares each representing 1/1000th in a share of 7.375% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock par value $0.0001
Ticker: RILYL
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Financial Conglomerates
Country: United States
City: Los Angeles
Website: https://www.brcgh.com
Employees: 2056
Business Summary: BRC Group Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides financial services in North America, Australia, the Asia Pacific, and Europe. The company operates through six segments: Capital Markets, Wealth Management, Financial Consulting, Communications, Consumer, and E-Commerce. The Capital Markets segments offers investment banking, equity research, institutional investors, financial sponsors, fund and asset management, direct lending, and investment services; public and private equity offerings; and debt financing solutions, as well as borrow and lends equity and fixed income securities. The Wealth Management segment provides retail brokerage, investment management, insurance, and tax preparation services; and financial advice, such as investment management, retirement planning, education planning, wealth transfer and trust coordination, and lending and liquidity solutions. The Financial Consulting segment offers bankruptcy restructuring and turnaround management, forensic accounting and litigation support, and operational management services. The Communications segment offers dial-up, mobile broadband and digital subscriber line services under the NetZero and Juno brands; cloud communication services; VoIP cloud-based technology and communication devices and subscription services; and mobile phone voice, text, and data services and devices. The Consumer segment sells laptop and tablet cases, backpacks, universal docking stations, and computer accessories. The E-Commerce Segment manages client's e-commerce store, as well as provides marketing services to clients. The company was formerly known as B. Riley Financial, Inc. and changed its name to BRC Group Holdings, Inc. in January 2026. BRC Group Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.