Company: Sinclair Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: SBGI
Sector: Communication Services
Industry: Broadcasting
Country: United States
City: Hunt Valley
Website: https://sbgi.net
Employees: 7100
Business Summary: Sinclair, Inc., a media company, provides content on local television stations and digital platforms in the United States. It operates through two segments, Local Media and Tennis. The Local Media segment operates broadcast television stations, original networks, and content; provides free over-the-air programming and live local sporting events on its stations; distributes its content to multi-channel video programming distributors in exchange for contractual fees; and produces local and original news programs. This segment operates The Nest, a free over-the-air national broadcast TV network; Comet, a science fiction network; CHARGE!, an adventure and action-based network; TBD, a multiscreen TV network; The National News Desk, a news program; and Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson, an investigative and political analysis program, as well as podcasts related to soccer and sports programming. Its Tennis segment offers Tennis Channel, a cable network that includes coverage of tennis' top tournaments and original professional sports, and tennis lifestyle shows; Tennis Channel International and Tennis Channel streaming services; Tennischannel 2, a 24-hours a day free ad-supported streaming television channel; Tennis.com; and FAST Channel Pickleballtv. The company also provides non-broadcast digital and internet solutions; and technical sales and services, including the design and manufacture of broadcast systems. In addition, it owns various investments in non-media related companies. The company distributes its content through its broadcast platform and third-party platforms that consist of programming provided by third-party networks and syndicators, local news, sports, and other original programming. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland.