Company: Socket Mobile Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: SCKT
Sector: Technology
Industry: Computer Hardware
Country: United States
City: Fremont
Website: https://www.socketmobile.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Socket Mobile, Inc. provides data capture and delivery solutions in the United States, Europe, Asia, and internationally. Its products and solutions are integrated into mobile applications for applications in the areas of point of sale, commercial services, asset tracking, manufacturing and quality control processes, transportation and logistics, event management, medical, and education. The company also offers cordless data capture devices that connect through Bluetooth and work with applications running on smartphones, mobile computers, and tablets; DuraScan 600 series NFC and RFID readers, 700 series companion scanners, 800 series attachable scanners, and the wearable 900 series products; and SocketScan solutions for seamless integration into various business applications, including the 300 series countertop readers, the 500 series NFC mobile wallet readers, the 700 series companion scanners, and the 800 series attachable scanners. In addition, it provides DuraSled, a protective barcode sled scanner; SocketCam C820 and C860, which are camera-based barcode scanners; and software developer kits, such as CaptureSDK that enables the App providers to modify captured data, control the placement of the barcoded or RFID data in their applications, and control the feedback to the user. Further, the company offers XtremeScan case, XtremeScan, and XtremeScan grip for the iphone. It serves retail, commercial services, industrial and manufacturing, transportation and logistics, and healthcare industries through a network of distributors, online resellers, and application providers, as well as online stores. The company was formerly known as Socket Communications, Inc. and changed its name to Socket Mobile, Inc. in April 2008. Socket Mobile, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Fremont, California.