Company: ScanSource Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: SCSC
Sector: Technology
Industry: Electronics & Computer Distribution
Country: United States
City: Greenville
Website: https://www.scansource.com
Employees: 2100
Business Summary: ScanSource, Inc. engages in the distribution of technology products and solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments: Specialty Technology Solutions, and Intelisys & Advisory. The Specialty Technology Solutions segment offers mobility and barcode, including mobile computing; barcode scanners and imagers, radio frequency identification devices, barcode printing and related services; point of sale systems and integrated pos software platforms; payment terminals, such as self-service kiosks, payment terminals and mobile payment devices; physical security comprising video surveillance and analytics, and video management software and access control; networking, such as switching, and routing and wireless products and software; communications, including voice, video, communication platform integration, and contact center solutions; managed connectivity and wireless enablement solutions. This segment offers applications that have evolved from traditional uses, such as inventory control, materials handling, distribution, shipping and warehouse management, and healthcare applications. The Intelisys & Advisory segment offers connectivity and software-defined networking, cx (unified communications as a service and contact center as a service), cloud/data center, and security, managed AI, and wireless and IOT. This segment helps channel sales partners service various end users, including businesses of all sizes from very small business to enterprise size businesses. It serves manufacturing, warehouse and distribution, retail and e-commerce, hospitality, transportation and logistics, government, education and healthcare, and other industries. ScanSource, Inc. was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina.