Company: Sonoma Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: SNOA
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
Country: United States
City: Boulder
Website: https://sonomapharma.com
Employees: 8
Business Summary: Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and produces stabilized hypochlorous acid (HOCl) products for wound and eye care, oral and nasal care, podiatry, animal health care, and dermatological conditions in the United States, Europe, Asia, Latin America, and internationally. It offers Lumacyn, a skin toner; Regenacyn, a prescription scar gel; Reliefacyn to alleviate red bumps, rashes, shallow skin fisures, sunburn, peeling, and eczema/atopic dermatitis; Gramaderm for the treatment of topical mild to moderate acne; Epicyn, an antimicrobial facial cleanser; Levicyn, an HOCl based prescription and over-the-counter product used to relieve skin irritations, lacerations, abrasions, and burns; Celacyn, a scar management gel; and Pediacyn, an atopic dermatitis hydrogel. The company also provides Microcyn, a HOCl-based topical line of products designed to stimulate expedited healing by targeting a range of pathogens; Ocucyn eyelid and eyelash cleanser; Ocudox for eye care; Sinudox for nasal irrigation; Microdacyn60 oral care solution to treat mouth and throat infections; and Podiacyn, a foot care product. In addition, it offers MicrocynAH, an HOCl-based solution used to relieve common symptoms of hot spots, scratches, skin rashes, post-surgical sites, and irritated animal skin; MicrocynVS, an animal care product; Nanocyn, a hospital-grade disinfectant; Acuicyn, a solution for the treatment of blepharitis and the daily hygiene of eyelids and lashes; MucoClyns, a disinfectant; and Endocyn, a root canal irrigation solution. The company was formerly known as Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. and changed its name to Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in December 2016. Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is based in Boulder, Colorado.