Company: Sanofi ADS
Ticker: SNY
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - General
Country: France
City: Paris
Website: https://www.sanofi.com
Employees: 74846
Business Summary: Sanofi engages in the research, development, manufacture, and marketing of therapeutic solutions. It provides immunology and inflammation, rare diseases neurology, oncology, and other vaccines. It also offers poliomyelitis, pertussis, and haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib) pediatric vaccines; respiratory syncytial virus protection and hexavalent combination vaccines protecting against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, polio, Hib, and hepatitis B; influenza, COVID-19 vaccine Nuvaxovid, booster, meningitis, and travel and endemic vaccines, that includes hepatitis A, typhoid, yellow fever, and rabies vaccines. It has a collaboration and license agreement with Exscientia to develop up to 15 novel small-molecule for oncology and immunology; ABL Bio, Inc. to develop ABL301 for treatment of alpha-synucleinopathies; and Innate Pharma SA for a natural killer cell engager program targeting B7-H3. Further, it has a collaboration agreements with Atomwise to use ATOMNET platform and Insilico Medicine to use Pharma.AI, a medicine's AI platform; Kymera Therapeutics, Inc. to develop and commercialize protein degrader therapies targeting IRAK4 in patients with immune-inflammatory diseases; Nurix Therapeutics, Inc. to develop novel targeted protein degradation therapies; Denali Therapeutics Inc. to treat a range of systemic inflammatory diseases, such as ulcerative colitis; and Adagene Inc. for the discovery and development of antibody-based therapies. Additionally, it has a collaboration with Scribe Therapeutics Inc. to develop genome editing technologies; Teva Pharmaceuticals to co-develop and co-commercialize TEV'574, which is used for treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease; and co-promotion service agreement with Provention Bio, Inc. for the commercialization of teplizumab. The company was formerly known as Sanofi-Aventis and changed its name to Sanofi in May 2011. Sanofi was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Paris, France.