Company: Stratasys Ltd. Ordinary Shares (Israel)
Ticker: SSYS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Computer Hardware
Country: United States
City: Eden Prairie
Website: https://www.stratasys.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Stratasys Ltd. provides connected polymer-based 3D printing solutions. It offers range of 3D printing systems, including polyjet printer, fused deposition modeling (FDM) printers, stereolithography printing systems, origin P3 printers, and selective absorption fusion printer for additive manufacturing, tooling, and rapid prototyping for various markets, such as automotive, aerospace, consumer products, and healthcare. The company provides 3D printing consumable materials comprising FDM, polyjet, and stereolithography materials for jigs and fixtures, investment casting, and injection mold or composite tooling applications; and other materials. It offers GrabCAD, an additive manufacturing platform to manage production-scale operations; and GrabCAD Print, a job programming software that enables features of 3D printing technologies, such as creating lightweight, structurally sound infills for FDM, and multi-material and color and material management for polyjet, as well as GrabCAD Print Pro. The company provides GrabCAD Print scheduling software to manage operations of printers, including tray packing and optimization, job estimation, system availability, scheduling, and monitoring via desktop, web or mobile devices; GrabCAD Streamline Pro subscription software, a workgroup software suite; GrabCAD IoT Platform that designed to manage 3D printing operations and optimize additive manufacturing productivity; and GrabCAD Community, an online community for professional engineers, designers, manufacturers, and students. It offers GrabCAD Software Development Kit to support system connectivity, compliance, and workflow automation; and Grab CAD Software Partner program for independent software vendors. The company sells its products through a network of resellers and independent sales agents worldwide. Stratasys Ltd. is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.