Company: Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: SUPN
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
Country: United States
City: Rockville
Website: https://www.supernus.com
Employees: 778
Business Summary: Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the development and commercialization of products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases in the United States. It offers Qelbree, a non-stimulant indicated for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); GOCOVRI for the treatment of dyskinesia and levodopa/carbidopa in patients with Parkinson's Disease (PD); Oxtellar XR, an extended-release oxcarbazepine product indicated for the monotherapy treatment of partial onset epilepsy seizures; and APOKYN for the acute and intermittent treatment of hypomobility or off episodes in patients with advanced PD. It also provides Trokendi XR, an extended release topiramate product indicated for the treatment of epilepsy, as well as for the prophylaxis of migraine headache; XADAGO for the treatment of levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing off episodes; and MYOBLOC, a Type B toxin product indicated for the treatment of cervical dystonia and chronic sialorrhea. In addition, the company develops ONAPGO, which received FDA approval, for the treatment of motor fluctuations in adults with advanced PD; SPN-817, a first-in-class selective acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, which is in Phase 2 clinical trial, for the treatment of epilepsy, partial seizures, Dravet syndrome, and Lennox-Gaustaut syndrome; SPN-820, a small molecule in Phase 2 clinical trial for treating resistant depression; and SPN-443, a stimulant in Phase 1 trial for the treatment of ADHD/CNS. It markets and sells its products through pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors. It has a development agreement with Navitor Inc. for the conduct of Phase 2 clinical program of SPN-820. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Rockville, Maryland.