Company: Sypris Solutions Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: SYPR
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Auto Parts
Country: United States
City: Louisville
Website: https://www.sypris.com
Employees: 713
Business Summary: Sypris Solutions, Inc. engages in the provision of truck components, oil and gas and water pipeline components, and aerospace and defense electronics primarily in North America and Mexico. It operates in two segments, Sypris Technologies and Sypris Electronics. The Sypris Technologies segment supplies forged, machined, welded, and heat-treated steel components for the commercial vehicle, off highway vehicle, recreational vehicle, automotive, industrial, light truck, and energy markets. This segment also produces drive train components, including axle shafts, transmission shafts, gear sets, steer axle knuckles, and other components for automotive, truck, and recreational vehicle manufacturers. In addition, this segment provides value added operations for drive train assemblies; and manufactures pressurized closures, insulated joints, and other fabricated and specialty products for oil and gas, water pipelines, and miscellaneous industrial applications, as well as related energy markets. The Sypris Electronics segment engages in circuit card and full box build manufacturing, high reliability manufacturing, systems assembly and integration, design for manufacturability, and design to specification work for customers in the aerospace, defense, space, and other high-reliability electronics markets. This segment also provides circuit card assemblies for electronic sensors and systems, including radar systems, tactical ground stations, navigation systems, weapons systems, and targeting and warning systems; and value-added solutions, such as low-volume prototype assembly and high-volume turnkey manufacturing. The company also offers engineering design and repair or inspection services. In addition, it sells its engineered products under the Tube Turns brand. Sypris Solutions, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.