Company: Tokyo Lifestyle Co. Ltd. American Depositary Shares
Ticker: TKLF
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Specialty Retail
Country: Japan
City: Tokyo
Website: https://www.ystbek.co.jp
Employees: 130
Business Summary: Tokyo Lifestyle Co., Ltd. engages in the retail and wholesale of beauty, health, sundry, and other products in Japan, China, Hong Kong, the United States, Canada, Thailand, and the United Kingdom. The company sells its products under its flagship brand, Tokyo Lifestyle. It offers cosmetics comprising foundation, powder, concealer, makeup remover, eyeliner, eye shadow, brow powder, brow pencil, mascara, lip gloss, lipstick, and nail polish; skin care, consisting of facial cleanser, whitening products, sun block, moisturizer, facial mask, eye mask, eye gel, and exfoliating; and cosmetic applicators, including brush, puff, curler, hair iron, and shaver products. The company also provides shampoo, conditioner, and body wash; fragrance products consisting of perfume and cologne for women and men. In addition, the company provides facial wash, firming lotion, astringent, and moisturizer products for men; and lip balm, lotion, shampoo, soap, and essence oil for baby and children. Further, the company offers OTC drugs for the treatment of colds, headaches, stomach pain, cough, and eye strains, and others, as well as medical supplies and devices, including bandages, masks, thermometers, disinfectant sprays, eye masks, contact lens, and contact lens cleaners and solutions. Additionally, the company provides vitamins, minerals, fiber supplements, nutritional yeast, dietary products, and other nutritional supplements; bedding and bath, home décor, dining and tabletop, storage containers, car supplies, cleaning agent, and laundry supplies; spa supplies, clothing, formula milk, and diapers; and food, alcoholic beverages, and miscellaneous products. It also offers branded watches, perfumes, handbags, clothes, and jewelries, as well as Nintendo switch and Xbox series products. The company was formerly known as Yoshitsu Co., Ltd and changed its name to Tokyo Lifestyle Co., Ltd. in October 2024. Tokyo Lifestyle Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.