Company: Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. Common Stock
Ticker: TNXP
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Biotechnology
Country: United States
City: Chatham
Website: https://www.tonixpharma.com
Employees: 81
Business Summary: Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. operates as a fully integrated, commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on central nervous system (CNS) and immunology treatments in areas of unmet medical needs and focuses on developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat and prevent human disease. The company's flagship product, TONMYA™ (cyclobenzaprine HCl sublingual tablets 2.8 mg), therapy is used for the treatment of fibromyalgia. It markets Zembrace SymTouch and Tosymra for the treatment of acute migraine with or without aura in adults. Its portfolio focuses on central nervous system disorders, as well as immunology, infectious disease, and rare disease product candidates. The company's products pipeline include TNX-102 SL (cyclobenzaprine HCl sublingual tablet), for the management of fibromyalgia; and is being developed to prevent and treat acute stress reaction, posttraumatic stress disorder, Alzheimer's disease, alcohol use disorder, and multi-site pain associated with Long COVID. It also develops TNX-1300, a double-mutant cocaine esterase, which is in Phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of cocaine intoxication; and TNX-1900, an intranasal potentiated oxytocin for the treatment of binge eating disorder, adolescent obesity, and bone health in pediatric autism, as well as for social anxiety disorder. In addition, the company develops TNX-1500, an Fc-modified humanized monoclonal antibody indicated to prevent organ transplant rejection, as well as to treat autoimmune conditions; TNX-1700, a recombinant Trefoil Factor Family 2 fusion protein for the treatment of gastric and colorectal cancers; TNX-801 that is in the pre-IND development stage for protection against smallpox and mpox; and TNX-1800, a live virus vaccine for SARS-CoV-2. Its rare disease portfolio consists of TNX-2900, an intranasal potentiated oxytocin to treat for Prader-Willi syndrome. The company has collaboration agreement with Bilthoven Biologicals to advance TNX-801 and Makana Therapeutics, Inc. to study TNX-1500 for human-compatible organs and cells for the treatment of organ failure. Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. is headquartered in Chatham, New Jersey.