Company: TTM Technologies Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: TTMI
Sector: Technology
Industry: Electronic Components
Country: United States
City: Santa Ana
Website: https://www.ttm.com
Employees: 18200
Business Summary: TTM Technologies, Inc. manufactures and sells mission systems, radio frequency (RF) components, RF microwave/microelectronic assemblies, and printed circuit boards (PCBs) and substrates in the United States, Taiwan, and internationally. It operates in three segments, A&D, Commercial, and RF&S Components. The company offers various engineered systems and RF and microwave assemblies; PCBs and IC substrates, custom assemblies and integrated systems, passive and advanced ceramic RF components, hi-reliability multi-chip modules, and beamforming and switching networks; and design-for-manufacturability, PCB layout design, simulation and testing, quick turnaround (QTA) production, and specialized RF assembly and testing. It also provides multi-mode surveillance and weather avoidance radar systems for fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, and shipboard platforms; AN/APS-153 multi-mode radar; communications suite within the MH-60R/S multi-mission helicopters; and supports maritime surveillance, counter UAS, and advanced air mobility end markets under MOSAIC brand. In addition, the company offers identification friend; monopulse secondary surveillance radars, and air traffic control systems; wired and wireless communication systems; designs, produces, and tests specialized multi-chip RF modules and components; and manufactures off-the-shelf surface mount microwave components. Further, it provides thick-film ceramic substrates, custom designed application specific integrated circuits, and conventional PCBs; custom electronic assemblies; QTA services; and thermal management. The company serves original equipment manufacturers, electronic manufacturing services providers, original design manufacturers, distributors, and government agencies; and aerospace and defense, data center computing, automotive, medical, industrial, instrumentation, and networking markets. TTM Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1978 and is headquartered in Santa Ana, California.