Company: Mammoth Energy Services Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: TUSK
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Conglomerates
Country: United States
City: Oklahoma City
Website: https://www.mammothenergy.com
Employees: 639
Business Summary: Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. operates as an energy services company in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates in four segments: Well Completion Services, Infrastructure Services, and Natural Sand Proppant Services. The company offers hydraulic fracturing, sand hauling, water transfer, master services agreements. It also provides services on electric transmission and distribution, networks and substation facilities, such as engineering, design, construction, upgrade, maintenance, and repair of high voltage transmission line, substation and lower voltage overhead, and underground distribution systems; installs, maintains, and repair of commercial wiring; and storm repair and restoration services. In addition, the company mines, processes, and sells natural sand proppant; buys processed sand from suppliers on the spot market for resale; and provides logistics solutions to facilitate delivery of frac sand products. Further, it provides directional drilling services for drilling and production of oil and natural gas from unconventional resource play; leasing helicopters, and helicopter training and response services; equipment rentals consist of cranes, light plants, generators, and other oilfield related equipment; remote accommodation; coil tubing, pressure control, flowback, crude oil hauling, cementing, and acidizing services; production testing, solids control, hydrostatic testing, and torque services; contract drilling; rig moving; coil tubing; pressure control services, including nitrogen and fluid pumping services; and full service transportation. It serves government-funded, private, public investor-owned, and co-operative utilities; independent oil and natural gas producers; and land-based drilling contractors. The company was formerly known as Mammoth Energy Partners LP and changed its name to Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. in October 2016. Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.