Company: 10x Genomics Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: TXG
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Health Information Services
Country: United States
City: Pleasanton
Website: https://www.10xgenomics.com
Employees: 1178
Business Summary: 10x Genomics, Inc. develops and sells instruments, consumables, and software for analyzing biological systems in the United States, rest of the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, China, and the rest of the Asia Pacific. The company offers Chromium platform, a single cell portfolio that enables analysis of individual biological components, as well as includes microfluidic chips and related consumables, Chromium X Series, and Chromium instruments; and QuantumScale single cell RNA and single cell methylation kits. It also provides Visium platform, a spatial analysis platform that uses high density DNA arrays to encode the physical location of biological analytes within a sample. This platform includes HD WT panel gene expression, and HD 3' gene expression assays, as well as the Visium CytAssist, an instrument designed to simplify and optimize the Visium solution workflow by facilitating the transfer of transcriptomic analytes from standard glass slides to Visium slides. In addition, the company offers Xenium Analyzer instrument enables researchers to detect and preserve the cellular location of hundreds of RNA targets directly in a fresh frozen or FFPE tissue section without the need for conventional sequencing; and slides and reagents. Further, it provides various software products comprising Cell Ranger, a scRNA-seq processing pipeline in scientific literature; Loupe Browser, which enables intuitive single-cell, spatial, and multiomic data visualization; and Xenium Explorer that enables intuitive in situ data visualization, which allows researchers to explore subcellular gene expression, spatial organization, and tissue-scale patterns. The company serves various academic, government, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology, and other institutions. The company was formerly known as 10X Technologies, Inc. and changed its name to 10x Genomics, Inc. in November 2014. 10x Genomics, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, California.