Company: UFP Industries Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: UFPI
Sector: Basic Materials
Industry: Lumber & Wood Production
Country: United States
City: Grand Rapids
Website: https://ufpi.com
Employees: 13800
Business Summary: UFP Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and supplies wood and non-wood composites, and other materials in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Retail, Construction, and Packaging. The Retail segment offers pressure-treated and fire-retardant products under the ProWood brand; lawn and garden products, such as wood and vinyl fencing and lattice, garden beds and planters, pergolas, picnic tables, and other landscaping products under the Outdoor Essentials brand; wood plastic composite; mineral based composite decking and related decking accessories, including aluminum railing systems, balusters, and post caps under the Surestone brand; customized and aluminum fencing; exterior siding, pattern, trim, and fascia products; and pre-painted and primed shiplap, and project boards. The Packaging segment designs, engineers, manufactures, and tests custom packaging products made of wood and metal; designs and manufactures pallets made of wood and heat-treated wood; and provides corrugate, foam, labels, strapping, and films. The Construction segment designs and manufactures roof trusses, cut-to-size dimensional and board lumber, plywood, and oriented strand board; designs and manufactures roof and floor trusses, wall panels, I-joists, lumber packages, and engineered wood components used to frame residential and light commercial projects. This segment also engages in the designing, manufacturing, and installing of customized interior fixtures, casework, and architectural millwork used in retail and commercial structures; designs, manufactures, and supplies wood forms and related products for residential building, non-residential building, distribution, and infrastructure verticals. The company was formerly known as Universal Forest Products, Inc. and changed its name to UFP Industries, Inc. in April 2020. UFP Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1955 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.