Company: urban-gro Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: UGRO
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery
Country: United States
City: Lafayette
Website: https://www.urban-gro.com
Employees: 130
Business Summary: urban-gro, Inc. engages in the designing, engineering, building, and integrating complex environmental equipment systems for indoor controlled environment agriculture (CEA) cultivation and retail facilities in the United States, Canada, and Europe. The company provides architectural design, engineering, and construction services comprising pre-construction, cultivation space programming, architectural and interior design, engineering, integrated cultivation design, owner's representative/construction management, and general contracting services. It also offers additional services, including facility and equipment commissioning services; grocare crop and asset protection services that consists of training services, equipment maintenance services, asset protection program, and interactive online operating support system for grocare and client document delivery and project management; and property condition assessment services. In addition, the company provides integrated equipment systems solutions, such as design, source, and integration of complex environmental equipment systems comprising heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) solutions, environmental controls, fertigation, and irrigation distribution, as well as environmental control, fertigation, irrigation distribution, water treatment, and wastewater reclamation systems. Further, it offers value-added reselling of cultivation equipment systems and strategic vendor relationships with manufacturers. It primarily markets and sells its solutions to clients in the CEA that includes operators and facilitators in the cannabis and produce markets; and commercial sectors comprising food and beverage consumer packaged goods companies, healthcare, higher education, and hospitality. urban-gro, Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Lafayette, Colorado.