Company: Universal Logistics Holdings Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: ULH
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Trucking
Country: United States
City: Warren
Website: https://www.universallogistics.com
Employees: 10821
Business Summary: Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. provides customized transportation and logistics solutions in the United States, Mexico, Canada, and Colombia. It operates through three segments: Contract Logistics, Intermodal, and Trucking. The Contract Logistics segment offers value-added or dedicated transportation services to support in-bound logistics to industrial customers and retailers, including material handling, consolidation, sequencing, sub-assembly, cross-dock services, kitting, repacking, warehousing and returnable container management, and rail lift services. This segment also provides dedicated services primarily short run or round-trip moves within a defined geographic area provided through a network of union and non-union employee drivers, owner-operators, and contract drivers. The Intermodal segment offers local and regional drayage moves coordinated by company-managed terminals using a mix of owner-operators, company equipment, and third-party capacity providers comprising steamship-truck, rail-truck, and support services. The Trucking segment engages in dry van, flatbed, and heavy-haul and refrigerated operations for transport of various general commodities, such as automotive parts, machinery, building materials, paper, food, consumer goods, furniture, steel, and other metals. The company is also involved in the air, ocean and customs brokerage, and air and ocean freight forwarding operations. It serves automotive, retail and consumer goods, steel and other metals, and energy and manufacturing industries, as well as other transportation companies that aggregate loads from shippers. The company was formerly known as Universal Truckload Services, Inc. and changed its name to Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. in April 2016. Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Warren, Michigan.