Company: Value Line Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: VALU
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Financial Data & Stock Exchanges
Country: United States
City: New York
Website: https://www.valueline.com
Employees: 117
Business Summary: Value Line, Inc. engages in the production and sale of investment periodicals and related publications. Its investment periodicals and related publications cover a range of investments, including stocks, mutual funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs), and options. The company offers comprehensive research services, including The Value Line Investment Survey - Small and Mid-Cap, The Value Line 600, and The Value Line Fund Advisor Plus that provide statistical and text coverage of various investment securities, with an emphasis placed on its proprietary research, analysis, and statistical ranks. It also provides niche newsletters comprising Value Line Select: Dividend Income & Growth, Value Line Select: ETFs, The Value Line Special Situations Service, The Value Line M&A Service, The Value Line Climate Change Investing Service, and The Value Line Information You Should Know Wealth Newsletter; digital versions of its products through its Website, www.valueline.com; investment management; The Value Line Research Center platform; and investment analysis software, such as The Value Line Investment Analyzer and The New Value Line ETFs Service. In addition, the company offers current and historical financial databases comprising financial DataFile, estimates and projections, and mutual funds; and copyright products, which include unit investment trusts, variable annuities, managed accounts, and ETFs. Further, it operates as publishing unit for the investment related periodical publications and copyrights; places advertising on behalf of the company's publications; and distributes print publications. It serves municipal and university libraries, corporations, colleges, individual investors, and investment management professionals. The company was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Value Line, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Arnold Bernhard & Co., Inc.