Company: VEON Ltd. ADS
Ticker: VEON
Sector: Communication Services
Industry: Telecom Services
Country: United Arab Emirates
City: Dubai
Website: https://www.veon.com
Employees: 18027
Business Summary: VEON Ltd., a digital operator, provides telecommunications and digital services to corporate and individual customers in Pakistan, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Bangladesh. The company offers fixed-line telecommunication services using fiber optic networks; mobile telecommunications services under prepaid and postpaid subscriptions, including value added and call completion, national and international roaming, wireless Internet access, mobile financial, and mobile bundle services; cross-border transit, voice, and data services; mobile connectivity services on 2G, 3G and 4G/LTE networks; prepaid scratch cards and electronic recharge options; customer support through contact centers; and Internet-TV using fiber to the building technology. It also provides internet and data access, roaming, and messaging solutions; Simosa, MyKyivstar, and MyBeeline self-care applications; Kyivstar TV, Tamasha, BeeTV, Toffee, and Beeline TV video streaming platforms; BiP messenger app; Game Now gaming platform; Beeline Music for music streaming, as well as live audio streaming services; Jazz Cricket sports app; JazzCash and Simply financial services platforms that offers wallets, payments, transfers, and digital lending services; and Helsi, a digital healthcare platform. In addition, the company sells equipment, infrastructure, and accessories; and provides cloud solutions, including consumer storage apps. It offers its products and services under the Kyivstar, Banglalink, Jazz, JazzCash, Beeline, IZI, and OQ brands. The company also distributes its products and services through direct sales force, distributors, third-party retailers, supermarkets, offices, stores, franchises, online, and other distribution channels. The company was formerly known as VimpelCom Ltd. and changed its name to VEON Ltd. in March 2017. VEON Ltd. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates.