Company: ViaSat Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: VSAT
Sector: Technology
Industry: Communication Equipment
Country: United States
City: Carlsbad
Website: https://www.viasat.com
Employees: 7000
Business Summary: Viasat, Inc. provides broadband and communications products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Communication Services; and Defense and Advanced Technologies segments. The company offers satellite-based broadband and narrowband communications solutions; broadband services, including broadband internet access and voice over internet protocol; fixed and mobile broadband and narrowband services; develops and sells satellite, wireless products, and terminals; and design, develop, and produce space system solutions for geostationary, medium, and low earth orbit. It also provides in-flight connectivity, narrowband safety operational data, and other complementary services; multimedia connectivity for military and government; tactical and beyond-line-of-sight communications; intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance; L-band advanced communications element terminals; enterprise connectivity solutions; Internet-of-Things; and L-band managed, energy, and prepaid internet services. In addition, the company offers networking, cybersecurity, and information assurance products and services; high assurance internet protocol encryption solutions; MOJO expeditionary tactical gateway; government satellite communication systems, mobile and fixed broadband modems, ground and airborne terminals, antennas and gateways, Ka-band earth stations, and other multi-band/multi-function antennas, as well as design products for manpacks, aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, seagoing vessels, ground-mobile vehicles, space-based systems, and fixed applications. Further, it designs and develops GEO, LEO, and MEO satellites, payload, antenna technologies, and other small satellite platforms; develops commercial communication satellite product, orchestration of sovereign and multi-orbit solutions, and direct-to-device; and licenses intellectual property. Viasat, Inc. was incorporated in 1986 and is headquartered in Carlsbad, California.