Company: G. Willi-Food International  Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: WILC
Sector: Consumer Defensive
Industry: Food Distribution
Country: Israel
City: Yavne
Website: https://www.willi-food.co.il
Employees: 204
Business Summary: G. Willi-Food International Ltd. designs, imports, markets, and distributes food products under the Willi-Food and Euro European Dairies brand name worldwide. The company offers canned vegetables and pickles, including mushrooms, artichoke, beans, asparagus, capers, corn kernels, baby corn, palm hearts, vine leaves, sour pickles, mixed pickled vegetables, pickled peppers, olives, garlic, roasted eggplant, and tomatoes; canned fish, such as tuna, sardines, anchovies, smoked and pressed cod liver, herring, fish paste, and salmon; and canned fruits, including pineapple, peaches, apricots, pears, cherries, and fruit cocktail. It also provides edible oils, including olive oil, sunflower oil, soybean oil, corn oil, and rapeseed oil; dairy and dairy substitute products, such as hard and semi-hard cheeses, molded cheeses, feta, bulgarian cubes, goat cheese, fetina, butter, butter spreads, margarine, melted cheese, cheese alternatives, condensed milk, whipped cream, yogurt, and frozen pizza; and dried fruit and nuts that includes figs, apricots and organic apricots, chestnuts organic chestnuts, sunflower seeds, walnuts, pine nuts, cashews, banana chips, pistachios, and peanuts. In addition, the company offers instant noodle soup, frozen edamame soybeans, freeze dried instant coffee, bagels, breadstick, coffee creamers, lemon juice, halva, Turkish delight, cookies, vinegar, sweet pastry and crackers, sauces, corn flour, rice, rice sticks, pasta, organic pasta, spaghetti and noodles, breakfast cereals, corn flakes, rusks, tortilla, dried apples snacks, deserts, and ice cream. It sells its products through supermarket chains and wholesalers. The company was formerly known as G. Willi-Food Ltd. and changed its name to G. Willi-Food International Ltd. in June 1996. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Yavne, Israel. G. Willi-Food International Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Willy-Food Investments Ltd.