Company: Xerox Holdings Corporation Common Stock
Ticker: XRX
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Business Equipment & Supplies
Country: United States
City: Norwalk
Website: https://www.xerox.com
Employees: 
Business Summary: Xerox Holdings Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a workplace technology company that integrates hardware, services, and software for enterprises in North America, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, India, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Print and Other; and Xerox Financial Services (XFS). The company engages in the design, development, and sale of document systems, solutions, and services, as well as associated technology offerings, including IT and software products and services. It also offers workplace solutions, which include the sale of equipment, software, supplies, and the associated technical services; Entry, which is comprised of A4 desktop monochrome and color printers, and multifunction printers; Mid-range comprising A3 devices; and ConnectKey software. In addition, the company provides production solutions, including presses and solutions that provides black-and-white and full-color, as well as on-demand printing; xerographic and inkjet presses; and FreeFlow. Further, it offers Xerox services, which include Managed Print Services, IT solutions, Capture and Content Services, and Customer Engagement Services; XFS, which offers financing for direct channel customer purchases of Xerox equipment and solutions, and lease financing to Xerox equipment and solution purchases through indirect channels; CareAR; DocuShare; and XMPie. Additionally, it invests in startups and early/mid-stage growth companies. The company sells its products through its direct sales force, distributors, independent agents, dealers, value-added resellers, systems integrators, and e-commerce marketplaces. The company was formerly known as Xerox Corporation and changed its name to Xerox Holdings Corporation in August 2019. Xerox Holdings Corporation was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut.