Company: X3 Holdings Co. Ltd. Ordinary Shares
Ticker: XTKG
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: Singapore
City: Singapore
Website: https://www.x3holdings.com
Employees: 137
Business Summary: X3 Holdings Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides software application and technology services to corporate and government customers in the People's Republic of China. The company offers global digital trade platforms and services that provides cross-border trades, logistics and shipping, customs clearance, and transactions and settlements; trade zone operations solutions that enable supply chain transparency, customs clearance, import and export process, and increased international trade volume for the regulated trade zones; global trade supply chain and compliance platform which facilitate streamlined documentation process and integrated data sharing relating to customs, tax, logistics and shipping, and collaboration among customers' subsidiaries and operations; and international trading of select products by using data from its own global trade platforms and market analysis on trade composition, trade logistics, and market trends and development. It is also involved in cryptomining business and operations; development of bitcoin mining operations and facilities powered by renewable energy sources from solar energy, wind power and hydroelectric power; and cryptomining and agribusiness. In addition, the company engages in renewable energy business, integrated operations models, electric vehicles and agriculture equipment, and solar power projects. Further, it offers smart agritech platform and services for monitoring and managing crops and livestock farming, big data, artificial intelligence, and IoT technologies to provide data analysis and decision-making tools; integrated solutions for greenhouse development and operations for crop yield, water and fertilizer used, food safety, and sustainability with solar power. The company was formerly known as Powerbridge Technologies Co., Ltd. and changed its name to X3 Holdings Co., Ltd. in January 2024. X3 Holdings Co Ltd. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Singapore.