Company: 111 Inc. American Depositary Shares
Ticker: YI
Sector: Healthcare
Industry: Medical Distribution
Country: China
City: Shanghai
Website: https://corporate.111.com.cn
Employees: 1238
Business Summary: 111, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates an integrated online and offline platform in the healthcare market in the People's Republic of China. It operates through two segments, B2C and B2B. The company offers supply chain integration services that help pharmaceutical companies manage products through online and offline channels; product promotion, customer analytics, patient education, and brand awareness services; and marketing and channel data services. It also provides 1 Pharmacy online wholesale pharmacy that offers pharmaceutical and other health and wellness products; and 1 Medicine Marketplace online retail pharmacy that provides pharmaceutical products and other merchandise. In addition, the company offers online loan application services; cloud-based inventory management services; smart procurement services, which collect pharmacies' historical purchase orders and inventory data; and Hawkeye automated salesforce tool, as well as online consultation, e-prescription, and data services. Further, its pharmacies provide drugs, including prescription and over-the-counter drugs comprising Western and Chinese medicines; nutritional supplements, such as vitamins and dietary products; contact lenses; medical supplies and devices that consists of bandages and thermometers; and personal care products that include skin care, birth control, sexual wellness, and baby products. Additionally, the company offers research and development, and consulting services; warehousing, procurement, and logistics services; and software development and information technology support services. It serves pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies, medical professionals, and marketplace sellers. The company was formerly known as New Peak Group and changed its name to 111, Inc. in April 2018. 111, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.