Company: Zoom Communications Inc. Class A Common Stock
Ticker: ZM
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Application
Country: United States
City: San Jose
Website: https://www.zoom.com
Employees: 7438
Business Summary: Zoom Communications, Inc. provides an Artificial Intelligence-first open work platform for human connection in the Americas, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers Zoom Meetings that offers HD video, voice, chat, and content sharing through mobile devices, desktops, laptops, telephones, and conference room systems; Zoom Phone, a cloud phone system; and Zoom Team Chat enables users to share messages, images, files, and content in desktop, laptop, tablet, and mobile devices. It also provides Zoom Docs, a modular workspace; Zoom Whiteboard, an interactive canvas; Zoom Clips for capturing video and screen content; Zoom Rooms, a software-based conference room system; and Workspace Reservation. In addition, the company offers Zoom Contact Center, an omnichannel solution; Zoom Revenue Accelerator, a conversation intelligence software for Zoom Meetings and Zoom Phone; Zoom Events to manage, host, market, and report on all of virtual and hybrid events; Zoom Webinars Plus; and Zoom Webinars which supports interactive video presentations to large audiences. Further, it provides Workvivo, an all-in-one employee experience platform; Zoom Developer Platform and App Marketplace which integrates platform with other applications, platforms, websites, and services; and Zoom Apps. It serves individuals; and education, entertainment/media, enterprise infrastructure, finance, government, healthcare, manufacturing, non-profit/not for profit and social impact, retail/consumer products, and software/Internet industries. The company was formerly known as Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and changed its name to Zoom Communications, Inc. in November 2024. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.