Company: Zscaler Inc. Common Stock
Ticker: ZS
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software - Infrastructure
Country: United States
City: San Jose
Website: https://www.zscaler.com
Employees: 7923
Business Summary: Zscaler, Inc. operates as a cloud security company worldwide. The company offers cyberthreat protection products, including Zscaler Internet Access, which provides threat protection, cloud sandbox, and cloud browser isolation; Zscaler Private Access solution that includes cyberthreat and data protection, application discovery, secure application access, application segmentation, application protection, reduced attack surface, and browser isolation; Zero Trust Firewall; Cloud Sandbox; and Zero Trust Browser. It also provides data security products, such as web and email DLP, endpoint DLP, BYOD security, multi-mode CASB, unified SaaS security, DSPM, AI-SPM, public gen AI security, and Microsoft Copilot data protection; Zero Trust Cloud solution. In addition, the company offers Zero Trust Branch comprising Zero Trust SD-WAN; IoT/OT segmentation; privileged remote access; Zscaler Cellular; and Zscaler Digital Experience that measures end-to-end user experience across business applications, as well as provides an easy-to-understand digital experience score for each user, application, and location within an enterprise. Further, it provides security operations products, including data fabric for security; asset exposure management; Risk360; unified vulnerability management; deception; managed detection and response; and managed threat hunting. Additionally, the company offers Zero Trust Gateway, a fully managed Zscaler service. It serves the automotive, airlines and transportation, conglomerates, consumer goods and retail, energy, financial services, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, media and communications, public sector and education, technology, and telecommunications services industries. The company was formerly known as SafeChannel, Inc., and changed its name to Zscaler, Inc. in August 2008. Zscaler, Inc. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.