Company: zSpace Inc. Common stock
Ticker: ZSPC
Sector: Technology
Industry: Computer Hardware
Country: United States
City: San Jose
Website: https://zspace.com
Employees: 78
Business Summary: zSpace, Inc. provides augmented and virtual reality educational technology solutions for K-12 schools, and career and technical education markets in the United States and internationally. The company provides hardware products to produce devices that deliver a 3D experience that includes Inspire, a second-generation laptop product that delivers autostereoscopic 3D graphics which does not require any eyewear or headset; Inspire 2, a third-generation laptop product that delivers autostereoscopic 3D graphics not requiring any eyewear or headset and allows users to interact with and manipulate 3D images; Imagine, a fourth-generation laptop product which delivers autostereoscopic 3D graphics not requiring any eyewear or headset and uses the zSpace hand-held stylus; Tracked stylus which allows users to interact with the projection of the 3D information, as well as precise interaction with the virtual objects in open space; and Original Edition (OE) products, an all-in-one products and OE laptop that uses a proprietary passive circular polarized display to create 3D stereo using lightweight eyewear. It also develops and delivers platform management software that enables the distribution, licensing, and management of web enabled applications; and end user applications, as well as offers StudioA3, an application that allows teachers to build lessons for various subject using pre-made models. In addition, the company provides implementation and professional development services; and training services. Its platform offers a range of educational tools designed for K-12 science, technology, engineering, and math lessons, as well as training skilled trades in areas, such as health sciences, automotive engineering/repair, and software programming and advanced manufacturing. The company was formerly known as Infinite Z, Inc. and changed its name to zSpace, Inc. in February 2013. The company was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.